"Rooting out the Communists, Marxists, Fascists, and Radical Left Thugs that live like vermin within the confines of our country." -Donald Trump.	2024 Election Pack
"Tweeting."	Main Deck
"Weird Al" Yankovic.	Hot Box
"Yeti pubes and a dick like the mushroom character in Mario Kart." -Stormy Daniels.	2024 Election Pack
$10,000 worth of silica gel.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
$200,000 of student loan debt.	Hot Box
$8.27.	More Cards Against Humanity
'Principles of Corporate Finance' by Richard Brealey.	Card Lab
(I am doing Kegels right now.)	Main Deck
...it is unclear.	Absurd Box Expansion
10 football players with erections barrelling towards you at full speed.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
10 Incredible Facts About the Anus.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
10,000 shrieking teenage girls.	Green Box Expansion
10,000 Syrian refugees.	Main Deck
100 ml of clean urine.	Main Deck
100% certified human breast milk.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
100% Pure New Zealand.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
14 cheeseburgers, 6 large fries, and a medium Sprite.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
14,000 unread emails.	More Cards Against Humanity
157 open Chrome tabs.	Hot Box
18-in-1 Hemp PEPPERMINT', George Carlin quote.	Design Pack
2 Girls 1 Cup.	Main Deck
20 million llamas with hypnotizing fire eyes.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
20 minutes of foreplay, 3 minutes of coitus, 5 minutes of rest, back to the yards for some croquet.	Card Lab
200 years of slavery.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
24-hour media coverage.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
25 shitty jokes about House of Cards.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
3.7 billion years of evolution.	Science Pack
30 grown adults crawling around on all-fours.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
30 shirtless bears emerging from the fog.	Pride Pack
34 felony convictions.	2024 Election Pack
36 billion metric tons of CO2.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
40 acres and a mule.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
400 years of colonial atrocities.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
41 million Americans living in poverty.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
50 mg of Zoloft daily.	Main Deck
50,000 volts straight to the nipples.	Main Deck
69ing all night long.	Card Lab
70,000 gamers sweating and farting inside an airtight steel dome.	PAX Prime 2013
70s bush.	Everything Box Expansion
72 virgins.	Main Deck
8 oz. of Mexican black-tar heroin.	Main Deck
8 oz. of sweet Mexican black-tar heroin.	Main Deck
8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter.	Card Lab
9/11 but with monkeys.	Everything Box Expansion
90 minutes of a Val Kilmer fucking a sex doll.	Card Lab
[chimpanzee squatting]	Picture Card Pack 1
[model on beach]	Picture Card Pack 2
[picture of an angry hariless cat]	Pussy Pack
[picture of horse penis on foil card]	Bōks
[picture of Noelle's butt]	Pussy Pack
[pooping dog]	Picture Card Pack 2
[Ronald McDonald]	Picture Card Pack 1
A "Live Laugh Love" tattoo.	Main Deck
A $1,000 check from Cards Against Humanity!	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A 0.7 waist-to-hip ratio.	Science Pack
A 12-foot scepter of bone.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A 12-pound burrito.	Card Lab
A 30-rack of Natty Light.	College Pack
A 40-piece Chicken McNuggets.	Family Edition
A 4th century Visigoth I did anal with during my bar mitzvah.	Bōks
A 4th century Visigoth I pissed on during the Super Bowl halftime show.	Bōks
A 4th century Visigoth who ate my ass in front of all my friends.	Bōks
A 55-gallon drum of lube.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A 6-hour conversation on gender and queer theory.	Pride Pack
A 7-dimensional pie that bakes itself and then never existed.	Hot Box
A 7-hour bath.	Card Lab
A baby boomer.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A baby panda that just can't keep its eyes open.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A baby with a full mustache.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A bachelor's degeree in communications.	College Pack
A back-alley abortion from a Mexican cyborg doctor.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
A bad clown who sucks.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A bad guy with two swords just going nuts on everyone.	Card Lab
A bad teacher who sucks at teaching.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A bad, bad man that roars "harder!" every day.	Bōks
A bad, bad man that says "uh oh, here it comes" every day.	Bōks
A bad, bad man that sings "NOOOOO" and then kills the president.	Bōks
A bad, bad man that thunders "check, please!" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A bad, bad man that whispers "please, I don't want to die" to my dad.	Bōks
A bag of magic beans.	Main Deck
A balanced breakfast.	Main Deck
A ball of earwax, semen, and toenail clippings.	Main Deck
A ball pit full of Timbits.	Main Deck
A balloon filled with chili.	Family Edition
A basic understanding of macroeconomics.	Card Lab
A basketball that screams every time it gets bounced.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A bass drop so huge it tears the starry vault asunder to reveal the face of God.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
A bathroom only for poop.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
A Batman movie where Batman gets bitten by a radioactive snake, which turns him into Snake Batman, and he slithers around Gotham swallowing criminals.	Movie Night Box
A beached whale.	First Expansion
A bear.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A beautiful androgynous human.	Card Lab
A beautiful painting of a big butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A beautiful wife that hisses "you can't handle the truth!" during sex.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that hollers "hello, boys" to my dad.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that howls "please, let me out of this basement" every day.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that moans "harder!" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that mutters "THIS SOUP IS TERRIBLE!" on your birthday.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that roars "what the fuck are you doing" during oral sex.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that sings "I love you" during oral sex.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that sings "where has all the time gone?" when provoked.	Bōks
A beautiful wife that thunders "what the fuck are you doing" upon request.	Bōks
A beautiful, ever-expanding circle of inclusivity that will never include Republicans.	Vote For Hillary Pack
A belly full of hard-boiled eggs.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
A big black dick strapped to a frail white body.	Pride Pack
A big black dick.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A big brain full of facts and sadness.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
A big drug deal where I deal all the drugs in the deal.	Card Lab
A big fat daddy I gaped inside the belly of a whale.	Bōks
A big fat daddy who I spent one magical night with in a Disney World bathroom.	Bōks
A big fat daddy who snorted coke off my boner at Costco.	Bōks
A big fifth grader coming over and beating up my dad.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A big hole.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A big hoopla about nothing.	Main Deck
A big hot fire that's burning everybody.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A big misunderstanding involving decapitations.	Scary Pack
A Big Mouth Billy Bass that just screams.	Everything Box Expansion
A big ol' plate of fettuccine alfredo.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; More Cards Against Humanity
A big ol' plate of fettuccini alfredo.	Green Box Expansion
A big problem.	Card Lab
A big rock.	Family Edition
A big sad dragon with no friends.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A big sweaty man.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A big wet kiss from Great Aunt Sharon.	Family Edition
A big whiny cry-baby.	Family Edition
A big, and I mean BIG turtle.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A big, beautiful mouth packed to the brim with sparkling white teeth.	Green Box Expansion
A big, big, big, and I mean BIG big.	Absurd Box Expansion
A big, sloppy blowjob from a mean, tired cowboy.	Absurd Box Expansion
A big, sloppy blowjob from a mean, tired honky.	Card Lab
A bigger, blacker dick.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A bird funeral.	Everything Box Expansion
A bird pooping on the president's head.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A bird that dies.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A bird that shits human turds.	Main Deck
A bit of a tarantula problem.	Everything Box Expansion
A bit of slap and tickle.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A bit of whiskey for the baby.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
A bitch slap.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
A bitter custody battle.	Card Lab
A bizarre partnership with Cards Against Humanity.	Jack White Show Pack
A Black friend.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A black hole.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A black male in his early 20s, last seen wearing a hoodie.	Third Expansion
A black-owned and operated business.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
A bleached arsehole.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A bleached asshole.	Main Deck
A blind, quadriplegic AIDS survivor with face cancer and diarrhea.	Hidden Compartment Pack
A bloody pacifier.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
A bog witch.	Card Lab
A bold red lip.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A bomb that detonates if you stop masturbating.	More Cards Against Humanity
A bomb!	Card Lab
A bong rip so massive it restores justice to the kingdom.	Weed Pack
A boo-boo.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A Bop It™.	Main Deck
A botched circumcision.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A bottle of lube with a picture of my dad on it.	Hot Box
A bounce house.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A bountiful harvest of squashes and corns.	Family Edition
A bowl of gourds.	Sixth Expansion
A bowl of mayonnaise and human teeth.	Main Deck
A bowl of scabs in barbecue sauce.	Card Lab
A box of biscuits, a box of mixed biscuits, and a biscuit mixer.	Box Expansion
A box that is conscious and wishes it weren't a box.	Box Expansion
A box with a 50% chance of a dead cat in it.	Pussy Pack
A box within a box.	Box Expansion
A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.	Box Expansion
A box-shaped man.	Box Expansion
A box.	Box Expansion
A boxing match with a giant box.	Box Expansion
A boy band, but instead of singing and dancing they hurt people.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A boy so big he is a man.	Card Lab
A boy who is very cute, but very dumb.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A bra.	Family Edition
A brain tumor.	Main Deck
A brain tumour.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A Brazilian Butt Lift.	Out of Line
A British accent.	Card Lab
A bucket of fish heads.	Main Deck
A bunch of crazy anime shit.	Movie Night Box
A bunch of dead squirrels on a trampoline.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A bunch of guys eating another guy.	Card Lab
A bunch of horny Indian guys.	Out of Line
A bunch of idiots playing a card game instead of interacting like normal humans.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A bunch of weeaboos buying Nature Valley bars.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A Burmese tiger pit.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A burrito smoothie.	Family Edition
A burrito that's just sour cream.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
A bus that will explode if it goes under 50 miles per hour.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
A butt that eats underwear.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A butt that speaks English.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A buttload of candy.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
A button that when you press it, there's jazz.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A can of whoop-ass.	Main Deck
A car with legs instead of wheels.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A caress of the inner thigh.	Main Deck
A cartoon camel enjoying the smooth, refreshing taste of a cigarette.	Main Deck
A cat named "Penis."	Hot Box
A cat video so cute that your eyes roll back and your spine slides out of your anus.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A cat with...hands.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A CD of haunted sound effects.	Scary Pack
A centaur that's half camel, half Ellen DeGeneres.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
A certain je ne sais quoi.	Card Lab; Main Deck
A CGI dragon.	Fantasy Pack
A chair-shaped fart sponge.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
A chart that just says "SHIT BAD."	Climate Catastrophe Pack
A cheerfulness that belies a deep-seated self-loathing.	Green Box Expansion
A Chelsea smile.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A child's love of sticks.	Reject Pack 3
A childless marriage.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
A chimpanzee in sunglasses fucking your wife.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
A Chinese tourist who wants something very badly but cannot communicate it.	Main Deck
A chode.	Everything Box Expansion
A choir of angels descending from the sky and jizzing all over dad's sweater.	Seasons Greetings Pack
A Christmas feast of goose and jellies.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A Christmas stocking full of coleslaw.	2012 Holiday Pack
A chubby boy with ice cream all over his face.	Card Lab
A CIA agent that mutters "kill me" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A CIA agent that whispers "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" into the night.	Bōks
A CIA agent that whispers "Make America Great Again" during sex.	Bōks
A cis man playing a trans woman.	Main Deck
A citizen's duty to get fucked by Grandma.	Bōks
A citizen's duty to sneeze on Joe Rogan.	Bōks
A clandestine butt scratch.	Main Deck
A clone of myself who ate my poop as part of a scientific experiment.	Bōks
A clone of myself whose blood I drank in an empty swimming pool.	Bōks
A cloud of ash that darkens the Earth for a thousand years.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
A cloud that rains diarrhea.	Family Edition
A cobb salad that bellows "I hate men" during anal.	Bōks
A cobb salad that moans "shit on my tits" when provoked.	Bōks
A cobb salad that roars "yippiee!" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A cobb salad that thunders "ay, caramba!" upon request.	Bōks
A cobb salad that whispers "kick me" forever.	Bōks
A cock-hungry cumslut.	Main Deck
A coked-up centaur.	Card Lab
A cold and indifferent universe.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A comforting hand on your shoulder that turns out to be a severed hand!	Card Lab
A commitment to hiring diverse talent.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A compass that always points towards Robert De Niro's penis.	Picture Card Pack 1
A complete inability to understand anyone else's perspective.	World Wide Web Pack
A complicated relationship with food.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
A comprehensive understanding of the Irish backstop.	Main Deck
A concerning amount of white people.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A constant need for validation.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
A cooler full of organs.	Main Deck
A cop turning off his bodycam.	Out of Line
A cop who is also a dog.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A corn dog.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A couch that eats children.	Family Edition
A couple of cold ones.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A cow that farts cows.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
A cow.	Family Edition
A cowboy I 69'ed as part of a scientific experiment.	Bōks
A cowboy who is half boy, half cow.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A cowboy who sucked my toes in Hell.	Bōks
A crab rangoon.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A cranky CEO with the world's biggest dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky congressman with an impressive scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky god with a crappy asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky god with the world's smallest pecker.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky hunk with a perfectly-formed asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky nerd with a sopping wet dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky Republican with a surprisingly large pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky superhero with a surprisingly large cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A cranky surgeon with a glorious pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A crappy little hand.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
A crazy little thing called love.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A creature made of penises that must constantly arouse itself to survive.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A creature who is just sideways Oprah Winfrey.	Card Lab
A creepy child singing a nursery rhyme.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A crucifixion.	Main Deck
A cuck.	Card Lab
A cup of cottage cheese and half a grapefruit.	Card Lab
A cursed Fleshlight that makes you rapidly age when you fuck it.	Scary Pack
A cursed llama with no eyes.	Family Edition
A cute, fuzzy koala with chlamydia.	Main Deck
A cute, fuzzy koala, but it has chlamydia.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A dad with a creamy asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A dance man, big guy, great moves, always dancing -- this guy.	Picture Card Pack 2
A dance move that's just sex.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A dangerous new type of onion.	Everything Box Expansion
A dead body.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A dead possum.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A dead salesman.	Theatre Pack
A dead whale.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A death ray.	Main Deck
A decent fucking Internet connection.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A deep-rooted fear of the working class.	Main Deck
A defective condom.	Main Deck
A Democrat.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A dentist named Funboy.	Everything Box Expansion
A dentist that hisses "harder!" on your birthday.	Bōks
A dentist that sings "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" when caressed.	Bōks
A dentist that sings "you can't handle the truth!" when caressed.	Bōks
A dentist that thunders "I love you" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A dentist with a sopping wet pecker.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A deranged billionaire I ate poop with back in the 60s.	Bōks
A deranged billionaire who gaped me at the White House.	Bōks
A deranged billionaire whose husband I killed in a barn.	Bōks
A despondent Maple Leafs fan sitting all alone.	Main Deck
A detective that sits in the car honking the horn and screaming until the murderer shows up.	Hot Box
A detective who only solves farts.	Card Lab
A dick so big and so black that not even light can escape its pull.	Reject Pack 2
A dick so big that it is a problematic stereotype.	Box Expansion
A dictator that hollers Bible passages and then dies.	Bōks
A dictator that sings "kill all the liars" forever.	Bōks
A dictator that sings "please, I have children" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A didgeridildo.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A dildo signed by Jimmy Carter.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A disappointing birthday party.	Main Deck
A disappointing salad.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
A disappointing season of Tabletop that's just about tables.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
A Disney pirate that moans "dominate me" forever.	Bōks
A Disney pirate that mutters "please, let me out of this basement" during anal.	Bōks
A Disney pirate that says "you can't handle the truth!" during oral sex.	Bōks
A Disney pirate that sings "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A Disney pirate that whispers "you can't handle the truth!" all the time.	Bōks
A diverse group of female friends casually discussing the side effects of birth control.	Period Pack
A DIY vasectomy.	Main Deck
A dog who somehow is able to be killed by the man who murdered my father.	Bōks
A dog who somehow is able to go to prom with you.	Bōks
A dog who somehow is able to kidnap a horse.	Bōks
A dog who somehow is able to poop in front of the Pope.	Bōks
A dog who somehow is able to sneeze on my lesbian neighbor.	Bōks
A dog who somehow is able to visit extreme violence upon Zendaya.	Bōks
A doll that pees real pee!	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A dollop of sour cream.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A dolphin that learns to talk and becomes the Dean of Harvard Law School.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A donkey shitting on its own face.	Card Lab
A double murder suicide barbeque.	Reject Pack 2
A Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Sound Design in a Play.	Theatre Pack
A drill sergeant that hisses "math is hard" during sex.	Bōks
A drill sergeant that screams "I love you" upon request.	Bōks
A drill sergeant that thunders "dominate me" when caressed.	Bōks
A drill sergeant that whispers "NOOOOO" on your birthday.	Bōks
A drill sergeant that yells "where has all the time gone?" during sex.	Bōks
A drive-by shooting.	Main Deck
A drone strike.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A drunken Sailor Pluto.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A duffel bag full of lizards.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A dwarf who won't leave you alone until you compare penis sizes.	Fantasy Pack
A face full of horse cum.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A failed suicide attempt.	Out of Line
A fair go.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A fake kid made out of wood.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A falcon with a box on its head.	Box Expansion
A falcon with a cap on its head.	Main Deck
A family of raccoons.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A fanny fart.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A fantastic guy with a wonderful gun.	Card Lab
A fart so powerful that it wakes the giants from their thousand-year slumber.	Main Deck
A fart that can be heard over the symphony.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A fart.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A fat bald man from the internet.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A fat Batman with a sopping wet scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat cop with a surprisingly large erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat guy with a beautiful scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat hipster with a beautiful asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat horse with a crappy scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat horse with a spectacular ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat nerd with the world's biggest dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat nurse with a surprisingly large anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat school teacher with an infinite twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat surgeon with a creamy dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A fat wizard with a tremendous vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A father and son fighting each other over the last scrap of bread.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
A fella whose tallywhacker bends 'round like a trombone!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
A fetus.	Main Deck
A finger up the butt.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
A fireman that bellows "kick me" on your birthday.	Bōks
A fireman that shrieks "fuck me" during sex.	Bōks
A fireman that thunders "I'm gonna shit!" forever.	Bōks
A fireman that whispers "kick me" into the night.	Bōks
A five-litre goon bag.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A flamethrower.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A Fleshlight.	Main Deck
A floor that is literally made of lava.	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
A foetus.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A fog machine.	Theatre Pack
A fool.	Card Lab
A for-real lizard that spits blood from its eyes.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A fortuitous turnip harvest.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A foul mouth.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A four-hour depression nap.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A framed photocopy of an oil painting of Paris, France.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
A free pap smear.	Out of Line
A frozen homeless man shattering on your doorstep.	Seasons Greetings Pack
A fuck swing.	Everything Box Expansion
A fuck-ton of almonds.	Main Deck
A fuck-tonne of almonds.	Main Deck
A full refund from Cards Against Humanity, paid for by people richer than me.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A full-blown panic attack.	Card Lab
A full-on panic attack.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A fully sick tribal tattoo.	Main Deck
A fully-dressed female videogame character.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
A fun, sexy time at the nude beach.	World Wide Web Pack
A funny little boss with an epic pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A funny little bro with a glorious pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gambling problem.	Main Deck
A garbage bag full of mayonnaise.	Clam Pack
A garbage clown who makes no one laugh and should die.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A gassy antelope.	Main Deck
A gay CEO with a shit-covered dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay cop with a sopping wet asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay donkey with an infinite dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay fireman with a sopping wet vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay fireman with an impressive anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay hipster with an impressive taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay nurse with a glorious anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay prince with a crappy butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay prince with a sopping wet vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay prince with history's greatest cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay Republican somehow.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A gay Republican with a beautiful dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay sorcerer who turns everyone gay.	Fantasy Pack
A gay superhero with a creamy vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gay wizard with an inspiring asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A geisha who is clearly Ronald McDonald.	Everything Box Expansion
A gender identity that can only be conveyed through slam poetry.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A genderless hole.	Pride Pack
A general lack of purpose.	Main Deck
A genetic predisposition for alcoholism.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A gentle caress of the inner thigh.	Main Deck
A genuine crystal dragon valued at over $99.	Card Lab
A gerbil named "Gerbil."	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A German-style board game where you invade Poland.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
A ghost that hisses "hoo boy" to my dad.	Bōks
A ghost that hisses "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A ghost that shrieks "what the fuck are you doing" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A ghost that whispers "kick me" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A ghost that whispers "please, I have children" during sex.	Bōks
A ghoul.	Fantasy Pack
A giant mechanical bird with a tragic backstory.	PAX East 2014
A giant powdery manbaby.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
A giant squid in a wedding gown.	Reject Pack
A gift of a dead chipmunk.	Pussy Pack
A ginger's freckled ballsack.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A Ginsters pasty and three cans of Monsters Energy.	Main Deck
A girl who is so interesting that she has blue hair.	College Pack
A global cabal of pedophile billionaires.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A glorious beard.	Family Edition
A gloryhole with a serrated edge.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A gnawing sense of dread.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
A gnome who won't leave you alone until you compare penis sizes.	Fantasy Pack
A golf course full of landmines.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
A gondola that will explode if it goes less than 5 miles per hour.	Card Lab
A good sniff.	Main Deck
A good, strong gorilla.	Main Deck
A gorgeous cop with a sopping wet penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous cop with a surprisingly large pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous dancer with an impressive erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous dragon with a spectacular twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous garbageman with a perfectly-formed dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous grandfather with history's greatest butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous husband that hollers "check, please!" during anal.	Bōks
A gorgeous husband that hollers "please, let me out of this basement" every hour on the hour.	Bōks
A gorgeous husband that hollers Bible passages on your birthday.	Bōks
A gorgeous husband that howls "yippee!" every day.	Bōks
A gorgeous husband that shrieks "where has all the time gone?" during oral sex.	Bōks
A gorgeous husband that sings "shit on my tits" forever.	Bōks
A gorgeous husband that yells "NOOOOO" and then dies.	Bōks
A gorgeous mom with a beautiful erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous nurse with an extra pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gorgeous plumber with a spectacular taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A gossamer stream of jizz that catches the light as is arcs through the morning air.	Hidden Compartment Pack
A gossamer stream of jizz that catches the light as it arcs through the morning air.	Main Deck
A government for the people, by the people, but of lizards.	Card Lab
A grande sugar-free iced soy caramel macchiato.	Main Deck
A grandfather with a creamy dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A greased-up Matthew McConaughey.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A great actor, like Bob De Nero.	Card Lab
A great idea for an app.	Card Lab
A gremlin who spanks your wonderful ass with a fly swatter.	Scary Pack
A grocery store receipt that would suggest I am a single man who loves Cheetos.	Card Lab
A groundbreaking new kind of discrimination.	Hot Box
A groundbreaking new masturbation technique.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A grown man.	Hot Box
A grumpy old Harrison Ford who'd rather be doing anything else.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2014
A guitar solo so mind-blowing it reunites your divorced parents.	Hot Box
A gun that shoots cobras.	Green Box Expansion
A guy who's probably racist.	Picture Card Pack 2
A Gypsy curse.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A hairless little shitstain named Callou.	Main Deck
A Halal Snack Pack.	Main Deck
A hamburger on a string that keeps getting pulled away.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A happy baseball player with quite a clit.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy bro with an infinite cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy dancer with an impressive scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy god with a wonderful clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy grandma with a surprisingly large penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy guy with a chocolate-covered taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy President with a tiny, upsetting dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy priest with a hairy pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy Rabbi with a chocolate-covered ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy Rabbi with a tiny, upsetting butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy Rabbi with an epic erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy Republican with a perfectly-formed butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy wizard with the world's biggest dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy woman with a beautiful dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A happy woman with a shit-covered cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working cop with a tremendous pecker.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working garbageman with a tremendous taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working grandfather with a surprisingly large dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working guy with a crappy clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working hunk with a tremendous vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working milkman with a tremendous cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working milkman with an impressive dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working milkman with the world's smallest vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working nerd with a weird scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working superhero with an extra asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hard-working woman with the world's biggest dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hateful 30-year marriage.	Absurd Box Expansion
A hateful thirty-year marriage.	Card Lab
A hazmat suit full of farts.	Sci-Fi Pack
A headache that's definitely cancer.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
A heart that is two sizes too small and that therefore cannot pump an adequate amount of blood.	Reject Pack
A hen night in Slough.	Main Deck
A high school guidance counselor that moans "HOOCHIE MAMA!" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A high school guidance counselor that moans "I'm gonna shit!" and then dies.	Bōks
A hit new fantasy show called "Penis Man."	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
A Hitachi Magic Wand.	Fantasy Pack
A homemade, cum-stained Star Trek Uniform.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
A homoerotic subplot.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
A homoerotic volleyball montage.	Main Deck
A hopeless amount of spiders.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A horde of Vikings.	Card Lab; Main Deck
A horny dentist with a tiny, upsetting pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny farmer with a weird cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny garbageman with a chocolate-covered clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny grandfather with a glistening erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny grandfather with a smooth dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny guy with a wonderful ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny mom with an infinite cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny Republican with an impressive butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny surgeon with a weird dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny woman with a shit-covered dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny woman with a surprisingly large penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horny woman with a wonderful clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A horse riding another horse!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
A horse that bellows "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" all the time.	Bōks
A horse that howls "I hate white people!" upon request.	Bōks
A horse that whispers "NOOOOO" during dinner.	Bōks
A horse with bo legs.	Family Edition
A horse with no legs.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A horseless head man.	Card Lab
A hot air balloon powered by fart gas.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A hot baseball player with a weird asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot bro with a hairy dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot congressman with a smooth clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot congressman with history's greatest asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot god with a beautiful scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot grandfather with an extra scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot hipster with the world's biggest ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot hipster with the world's smallest pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot mess.	Main Deck
A hot novelist with a crappy dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A Hot Pocket so hot that not even God Himself could eat it.	Out of Line
A hot priest with a shit-covered dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot school teacher with an inspiring vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A hot swamp full of horny witches.	Fantasy Pack
A hot towel.	Card Lab
A hot woman who is online and wants to have sex with you for some reason.	Card Lab
A hot, delicious pizza.	Card Lab
A hug.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A huge bro with a glorious taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge cop with a perfectly-formed clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge dad with a smooth penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge dragon with a tiny, upsetting pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge fireman with history's greatest anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge god with a perfectly-formed taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge hipster with a perfectly-formed pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge mama that hollers "fuck me" during anal.	Bōks
A huge mama that moans "Death to America!" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A huge mama that moans "kill all the liars" upon request.	Bōks
A huge mama that screams the Pledge of Allegiance into the lifeless void of space.	Bōks
A huge mama that shrieks "where has the time gone?" when provoked.	Bōks
A huge nipple that says "I love you" and then dies.	Bōks
A huge nipple that screams "please, I have children" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A huge nipple that shrieks the Pledge of Allegiance into the lifeless void of space.	Bōks
A huge nipple that whispers "math is hard" forever.	Bōks
A huge nipple that yells "please, I don't want to die" into the night.	Bōks
A huge Rabbi with the world's biggest cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge school teacehr with an infinite pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge surgeon with a hairy scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge swan that wants to fuck.	Everything Box Expansion
A huge Viking that hisses "what the fuck are you doing" every day.	Bōks
A huge Viking that shrieks "ay, caramba!" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A huge Viking that shrieks "dominate me" into the lifeless void of space.	Bōks
A huge woman with an impressive penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A huge, muscular baby.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A Human Centipede-type scenario.	Movie Night Box
A hundred screaming monkeys.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A Hungry-Man™ Frozen Christmas Dinner for One.	2012 Holiday Pack
A hunky man that hisses "what the fuck are you doing" and then dies.	Bōks
A hunky man that sings "ay, caramba!" to my dad.	Bōks
A hunky man that sings "death to tyrants!" upon request.	Bōks
A hunky man that thunders "I love you" when provoked.	Bōks
A Japanese toaster you can fuck.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A Japanese tourist who wants something very badly but cannot communicate it.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
A Japanese whaling operation.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A joyless vegan patty.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
A juicy lil' booty going poot-poot-pooty.	Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive)
A killer clown.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A killer's diet of bush, cucumbers, and feathers.	A.I. Pack
A kiss on the lips.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A knife that bellows "harder!" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A knife that hollers "where has all the time gone?" when caressed.	Bōks
A knife that roars "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" when caressed/	Bōks
A knife that says "please, I have children" all the time.	Bōks
A knife that shrieks "please, I don't want to die" all the time.	Bōks
A knife that sings "dominate me" when provoked.	Bōks
A KNIFE!!!	Hot Box
A laid-back boss with an inspiring pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back congressman with a perfectly-formed taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back dad with a smooth clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back dog with the world's smallest scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back doneky with a spectacular erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back donkey with a spectacular scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back grandfather with a surprisingly large asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back hipster with a crappy ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back horse with a wonderful scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back President with the world's biggest vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back priest with a tremendous ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back prince with the world's biggest butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back Rabbi with a tiny, upsetting erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back school teacher with an impressive butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back superhero with an extra taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laid-back superhero with the world's biggest anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laidback horse with a crappy twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lamprey swimming up the toilet and latching onto your taint.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A LAN party.	Main Deck
A large dog with a weird taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A large farmer with a surprisingly large taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A large garbageman with an infinite dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A large hipster with a crappy erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A large hipster with a weird ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A laundry basket full of baby bunnies.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A law that allows factories to dump toxic waste into children's mouths.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
A legal grey-area.	Card Lab
A legitimate reason to commit suicide.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
A lethal dose of caffeine.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
A lettuce sandwich topped with ketchup, cheese, and a beef patty.	Card Lab
A liberal bias.	Vote For Trump Pack
A lifetime of internalized guilt.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
A lifetime of sadness.	Main Deck
A lil' stupid ass bitch.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A literal tornado of fire.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A little bit of schmutz right there.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
A little boy in a sailor suit.	Everything Box Expansion
A little boy who won't shut the fuck up about dinosaurs.	Main Deck
A little boy with big dreams and potatoes for hands.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A little girl with a knife.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A little heroin here and there.	Everything Box Expansion
A little person dressed as a baby punching an actual baby.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A little sewer girl strangling a pigeon.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A little taste of penis.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A live studio audience.	Main Deck
A living wage and affordable health care.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
A lonely Batman with a crappy dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lonely boss with a wonderful asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lonely dentist with an inspiring taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lonely farmer with a glorious pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lonely fireman with a chocolate-covered dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lonely god with an extra pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A lonely nurse with an epic pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A long business meeting with no obvious purpose.	Green Box Expansion
A long, hot pee.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A long, long snake.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A long, slender penis that sings "THIS SOUP IS TERRIBLE!" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A long, slender penis that thunders "kill all the liars" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A look that says "you can't get me so easy, but I will crush your dick like a python."	Card Lab
A look-see.	Main Deck
A loser like you.	Main Deck
A loser slut!	Card Lab
A low standard of living.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A lukewarm meat pie.	Main Deck
A mad cow.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A madman who lives in a police box and kidnaps women.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A madman who lives in a policebox and kidnaps women.	PAX Prime 2013
A magic card worth roughly $8.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A magic cow that produces clam chowder.	Card Lab
A magic hippie love cloud.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A magical kingdom with dragons and elves and no black people.	Fantasy Pack
A magical tablet containing a world of unlimited pornography.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
A magician fucking up over and over again.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A magician that mutters "HOOCHIE MAMA!" all the time.	Bōks
A magician that roars "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" every day.	Bōks
A magician that roars "please, I have children" during sex.	Bōks
A magician that screams "kill me" when provoked.	Bōks
A magician that shrieks Bible passages upon request.	Bōks
A magnificent chrome sphere that roams the streets evaporating criminals.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
A magnificent Policeman shouting Laws across the wicked land.	Card Lab
A man from Craigslist.	World Wide Web Pack
A man in a suit with perfect hair who tells you beautiful lies.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A man in yoga pants with a ponytail and feather earrings.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A man named Gary I barfed on during COVID.	Bōks
A man named Gary who beat the shit out of me in my roommate's closet.	Bōks
A man on the brink of orgasm.	Main Deck
A man so hot you immediately blow him.	Card Lab
A man two sizes of a man half his size.	Card Lab
A man two times the size of a man half his size.	Reject Pack 3
A man who has not heard of a Jellicle cat.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
A man who is half potato, half potato.	Card Lab
A man who is so cool that he rides on a motorcycle.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
A man who loves me for me, and not for my insanely awesome tits.	Card Lab
A man whose penis is quite large in size.	Out of Line
A man with a butt for a face and a face for a butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A man with the head of a goat and the body of a goat.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A man with two arms.	Card Lab
A man's right to be killed by Zendaya.	Bōks
A man's right to blackmail a CEO.	Bōks
A man's right to eat out some white lady.	Bōks
A man's right to engage in intercourse with my landlady.	Bōks
A man's right to go to prom with a beautiful man.	Bōks
A man's right to impregnate a cantaloupe.	Bōks
A man's right to teach Mandarin to my roomate who hates me.	Bōks
A man-shaped box.	Box Expansion
A manhole.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A mannequin that gets a little closer every time you look away.	Scary Pack
A mariachi band.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A marriage-destroying game of The Resistance.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
A massive collection of child pornography.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A massive, coordinated international effort to stop climate change.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
A master's degree in being a fucking loser.	Hot Box
A mating display.	Main Deck
A meadow lark alighting in my hand.	Card Lab
A mean CEO with a wonderful taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean garbageman with a smooth erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean grandfater with a perfectly-formed clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean grandfather with a chocolate-covered dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean nerd with a creamy twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean nerd with an epic anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean plumber with an impressive vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean President with a perfectly-formed clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mean school teacher with a glistening butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A meat draw at the Legion.	Main Deck
A meat raffle!	Main Deck
A medium horchata.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A meeting that could've been an email.	Everything Box Expansion
A messy bitch who lives for drama.	Pride Pack
A metaphor for something.	More Cards Against Humanity
A Mexican child trapped inside of a burrito.	PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
A Mexican.	Card Lab; Main Deck
A micropenis.	Main Deck
A micropig wearing a tiny raincoat and booties.	Main Deck
A middle-aged man on roller skates.	Main Deck
A milkman I fucked right before I went to rehab.	Bōks
A milkman who fucked my mouth at a Las Vegas truck stop.	Bōks
A milkman who I lived with for five years over and over and over.	Bōks
A milkman who is half milk, half man.	Card Lab
A milkman who vomited eggs into my mouth because Gary said so.	Bōks
A mime having a stroke.	Main Deck
A missed period.	Everything Box Expansion
A mistake.	Main Deck
A misty room full of glistening egg sacs.	Sci-Fi Pack
A moaning bro with a beautiful cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning fireman with an infinite anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning garbageman with a glistening asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning god with a smooth dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning mom with a shit-covered ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning novelist with a smooth dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning nurse with a shit-covered butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning nurse with a tremendous dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A moaning wizard with a sopping wet asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A Molson muscle.	Canadian Conversion Kit
A moment of silence.	Main Deck
A monkey smoking a cigar.	Main Deck
A mop that is also a friend.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A mopey zoo lion.	Main Deck
A mouthful of potato salad.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
A movie where two hot people fall in love, but there's a problem.	Movie Night Box
A much younger woman.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack; Main Deck
A mulatto, an albino, a mosquito, and my libido.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
A mule that can say "Walmart."	Everything Box Expansion
A mummified fetus from Facebook Marketplace.	Out of Line
A murder most foul.	Main Deck
A murder-suicide.	Out of Line
A muscular Batman with a tremendous ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular businessman with a sopping wet cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular cop with an epic pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular garbageman with a sopping wet pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular god with a hairy erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular hunk with an epic asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular milkman with a glistening dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular prince with a glorious anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular prince with a spectacular twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A muscular woman with the world's biggest pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A mysterious, floating orb.	Fantasy Pack
A naked lady in a painting.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A narc.	Main Deck
A national conversation about race.	Everything Box Expansion
A Native American who solves crimes by going into the spirit world.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A nautical theme.	Red Box Expansion
A neck as incredibly thick as Gaston's.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A neck beard that is 10% cheese.	PAX Prime 2014 - Panel Cards
A necrophiliamancer.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A negative body image that is totally justified.	Green Box Expansion
A neglected Tamagotchi™.	Main Deck
A new kind of pack, fully-illustrated by world-class graphic designers. Inspired by George Carlin's "The Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television."	Design Pack
A nice cup of tea.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A nice, warm glass of pee.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A night of Taco Bell and anal sex.	World Wide Web Pack
A nine-foot tall spider who is the best basketball player in the world.	Card Lab
A non-disclosure agreement.	Main Deck
A nuanced critique.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
A nurse but he's a man.	Card Lab
A nurse that hisses "I hate white people!" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A nurse that shrieks "yippie!" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A nurse that sings "NOOOOO" all the time.	Bōks
A nurse that thunders "Death to America!" when provoked.	Bōks
A nurse that yells "hoo boy" during anal.	Bōks
A one-star Uber driver named "Wife of Tarantula."	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
A one-way ticket to Gary, Indiana.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
A pair of legs just walking around.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A pangender octopus who roams the cosmos in search of love.	Main Deck
A panty raid.	First Expansion
A passionate Latino lover.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A passive-aggressive frog.	Hot Box
A penis that gets too hard and explodes blood.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A penis with its own smaller penis.	Everything Box Expansion
A perfectly normal rimjob that doesn't involve clams or mayonnaise in any way.	Clam Pack
A perfectly ordinary object, like a pen.	Everything Box Expansion
A perfectly regular duck with nothing wrong with it.	Picture Card Pack 2
A person who runs marathons.	Card Lab
A peyote-fueled vision quest.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
A peyote-fuled vision quest.	Sixth Expansion
A phantasmagoria of anal delights.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
A pile of squirming bodies.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A pinky up the butt.	More Cards Against Humanity
A pint of beer half-full of dead snails.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A pipe bomb.	Out of Line
A piping hot casserole filled with beans and hair.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A pirate with two peg arms, two peg legs, and a peg head.	Family Edition
A pizza guy who fucked up.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
A piñata full of scorpions.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A planet-devouring space worm named Rachel.	Sci-Fi Pack
A plant-devouring space-worm named "Rachel."	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A play about people I don't like doing things I don't care about.	Theatre Pack
A plunger to the face.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A pointless job at a soulless corporation.	Human Pack
A Pokémon Named "Jim."	Family Edition
A police officer that hisses "I hate white people!" forever.	Bōks
A police officer that hollers "I hate men" on your birthday.	Bōks
A police officer that screams "I'm gonna shit!" during dinner.	Bōks
A police officer that screams "you can't handle the truth!" all the time.	Bōks
A politician who doesn't blow monkey ass.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
A poop as big as mom.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A poop emergency.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A posh wank.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A positive attitude!	Main Deck
A positive male role model.	Dad Pack
A possible Muslim.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
A powered exoskeleton.	Fifth Expansion
A powerful CEO who wears three suits at once.	Card Lab
A powerful philosopher name Brainhead.	Card Lab
A powerful philosopher named Brainhead.	Absurd Box Expansion
A powerful release of vaginal air.	Card Lab
A PowerPoint presentation.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A pregnant person.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A president who can speak in complete sentences.	2024 Election Pack
A president who is just as fat and stupid as I am.	Card Lab
A primordial soup and salad bar.	Reject Pack 2
A prince with a crappy ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A Pringle.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Family Edition; Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
A Pringles® can full of screams.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
A protagonist with no qualities.	Sci-Fi Pack
A protracted siege.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
A Puerto Rican minotaur from the Bronx.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A purse that costs $5000.	Card Lab
A pussy that is Sylvester Stallone's mouth.	Card Lab
A pussy that roars "NOOOOO" forever.	Bōks
A pussy that screams "hoo boy" during sex.	Bōks
A pussy that screams "NOOOOO" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A pussy that thunders "I hate men" and then dies.	Bōks
A pussy that whispers "yippee!" during anal.	Bōks
A pyramid of severed heads.	Main Deck
A Quebecois.	Main Deck
A quiet, poignant acoustic guitar ballad.	Jack White Show Pack
A racist boomerang that only comes back if you're white.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A racist cloud that only rains on block people.	Card Lab
A rainbow-colored man who speaks in poetry.	Card Lab
A real Auschwitz of an Uber ride.	Card Lab
A real cum-dumpster of a saxophonist.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A real job with insurance and your taxes taken out and everything.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A real job with real responsibilities.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A real life superhero named "Jesus Christ."	Card Lab
A real sad guy.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
A really cool hat.	Main Deck
A really good dog.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A reason not to commit suicide.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens.	Everything Box Expansion
A refrigerator filled with delicious food.	Card Lab
A regular garbageman with a creamy pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A regular grandfather with a creamy dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A regular hipster with an extra dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A regular prince with an extra taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A regular Rabbi with a chocolate-covered pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A regular Rabbi with a glistening scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A Republican.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A respectful discussion of race and gender on the Internet.	World Wide Web Pack
A restraining order.	Everything Box Expansion
A rival dojo.	First Expansion
A robust mongoloid.	Main Deck
A rodeo clown that moans "I hate men" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A rodeo clown that mutters "check, please!" during sex.	Bōks
A rotisserie chicken in a tuxedo.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A rough, terse blowjob from Ernest Hemingway.	Hot Box
A rowdy sailor that hollers "Death to America!" when caressed.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that hollers "I love you" all the time.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that howls the Pledge of Allegiance during anal.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that mutters "shit on my tits" upon request.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that screams "ay, caramba!" upon request.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that shrieks "hello, boys" every day.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that shrieks "I hate men" during oral sex.	Bōks
A rowdy sailor that shrieks "you can't handle the truth!"	Bōks
A sad astronaut with a creamy cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad boss with a weird dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad fat dragon with no friends.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A sad god with a shit-covered pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad handjob.	Main Deck
A sad hunk with an extra ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad mom with a glorius anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad nerd with a glorious vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad novelist with history's greatest penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sad superhero with a sopping wet anus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A salad for men that's made of metal.	Main Deck
A salad that's just croutons.	Hot Box
A sales team of clowns and pedophiles.	Red Box Expansion
A salty surprise.	Main Deck
A samurai I barfed on in a barn.	Bōks
A samurai that hollers "Make America Great Again" during sex.	Bōks
A samurai that sings "fuck me" upon request.	Bōks
A samurai that whispers "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" and then dies.	Bōks
A samurai who drugged me and stole my kidneys in Hell.	Bōks
A samurai whose prostate I stimulated right before I went to rehab.	Bōks
A sandwich with Cheetos in it!	Weed Pack
A sassy black woman.	Main Deck
A sausage festival.	Main Deck
A saxophone solo.	Main Deck
A scoop of tuna.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A screaming soccer dad.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A sea of troubles.	Main Deck
A self-driving car that can take you to the grocery store but has a 30% chance of driving off a bridge due to the hopelessness and futility of conscious experience.	Card Lab
A self-microwaving burrito.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
A serial killer.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A seven hour bath.	Card Lab
A seven-hour black-and-white film about the collapse of a farming collective in post-communist Hungary.	Hot Box
A sex comet from Neptune that plunges the Earth into eternal sexiness.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A sex goblin with a carnival penis.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A sex goddess that moans "please let me out of this basement" when caressed.	Bōks
A sex goddess that roars "I hate white people!" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A sex goddess that shrieks "HOOCHIE MAMA!" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A sex goddess that sings "what the fuck are you doing" every day.	Bōks
A sex robot that hollers "I'm gonna shit!" every day.	Bōks
A sex robot that screams "HOOCHIE MAMA!" during sex.	Bōks
A sex robot that screams "I'm gonna shit!" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A sexually charged game of chess.	Everything Box Expansion
A sexy Batman with a wonderful cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy dead body.	Out of Line
A sexy dog with a sopping wet cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy dragon with a spectacular ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy egg-shaped body.	Card Lab
A sexy farmer with a creamy penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy guy with an epic penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy husband with a surprisingly large dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy little bald guy.	Everything Box Expansion
A sexy milkman with a perfectly-formed erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A sexy naked interactive theater thing.	Reject Pack
A shark!	Main Deck
A shiny rock that proves I love you.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A shirtless Uber driver.	Everything Box Expansion
A sick burnout.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A sick put-down.	Card Lab
A sick wombat.	Main Deck
A sickly child-king.	Main Deck
A silicone mold of my dead wife's vagina.	Out of Line
A simultaneous nightmare and wet dream starring Sigourney Weaver.	2013 Holiday Pack; Five Cards That Have Nothing To Do With The Holidays
A sincere apology.	Hot Box
A singing candlestick.	Card Lab
A six-point plan to stop the boats.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A skinny, submissive husband.	Everything Box Expansion
A slab of VB and a pack of durries.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A slave rebellion.	Card Lab
A slightly salty toad in the hole.	Main Deck
A slightly shittier parallel universe.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A Slip 'N Slide that leads right into a cremator.	Out of Line
A sloth crawling away from really slow lava.	Card Lab
A sloth very slowly getting away with shoplifting.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A slowly encroaching circle of wolves.	Green Box Expansion
A smelly man from the 1800s.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A smile or just a nod.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
A smiling black man, a latina businesswoman, a cool Asian, and some whites.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
A smiling bro with a glistening cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A smiling farmer with the world's biggest pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A smiling prince with a sopping wet dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A smiling Rabbi with a weird ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A smiling school teacher with history's greatest twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A snapping turtle biting the tip of your penis.	Main Deck
a snow globe filled with water and hair.	Card Lab
A snowman that contains the soul of my dead father.	Seasons Greetings Pack
A sober Irishman who doesn't care for potatoes.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A sobering quantity of chili cheese fries.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
A sofa that says "I have style, but I like to be comfortable."	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A soggy Sao.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A sorry excuse for a father.	Main Deck
A soulful rendition of "Ol' Man River."	Second Expansion
A spastic nerd.	Main Deck
A special kind of yogurt called "cum."	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
A spiritual journey of self-discovery.	Card Lab
A spontaneous conga line.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A squadron of moles wearing aviator goggles.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A stack of bunnies in a trenchcoat.	Reject Pack 2
A stack of puppies in a trench coat.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
A Stark family where all of the children survive.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A statue of a naked guy.	Family Edition
A statue of Robert E. Lee.	Card Lab
A sticky tree hole filled with nectar.	Card Lab
A sticky tree hole full of pancake sauce.	Absurd Box Expansion
A stingray barb through the chest.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
A stinky hoo-ha.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A stranger with candy.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A stray pube.	Main Deck
A strong horse and enough rations for thirty days.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A Subaru.	Pride Pack
A subscription to Men's Fitness.	Main Deck
A sudden jump cut to Ed Harris fucking a swan.	Movie Night Box
A super angry cat I found outside.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A Super Soaker filled with diarrhea.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A Super Soaker™ full of cat pee.	Main Deck
A supercomputer that predicts the future with 100% accuracy.	Sci-Fi Pack
A superintelligent orangutan that bellows "I hate white people!" when caressed.	Bōks
A superintelligent orangutan that hollers "kill me" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A superintelligent orangutan that howls "kill me" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A superintelligent orangutan that moans "death to tyrants!" when Daddy comes home.	Bōks
A superintelligent orangutan that roars "hoo boy" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A supermassive black hole.	Science Pack
A superspreader event.	More Cards Against Humanity
A supportive touch on the lower back.	Main Deck
A surprising amount of hair.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A sweaty scrotum that hollers "dominate me" forever.	Bōks
A sweaty scrotum that howls "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A sweaty scrotum that moans "what the fuck are you doing" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A sweaty scrotum that shrieks "death to tyrants!" during sex.	Bōks
A sweaty scrotum that thunders "please, let me out of this basement" during anal.	Bōks
A sweaty, panting leather daddy.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A sweet spaceship.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
A syringe full of prized hog semen.	Card Lab
A table for one at The Cheesecake Factory.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
A tall boss with a creamy pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall milkman with a sopping wet ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall nurse with a hairy penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall nurse with a spectacular ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall President with an infinite vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall Rabbi with the world's biggest vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall Republican with a glorious cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall Republican with a spectacular pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tall surgeon with an inspiring dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A team of lawyers.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
A techno murder truck that drives around vaporizing political dissidents.	Card Lab
A teenage boy gunning for a handjob.	Retail Mini Pack; Retail Mini Set
A terrified fat child who won't come out of the bushes.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A text message that just says "ok."	Hot Box
A therapist that shrieks "I love you" during dinner.	Bōks
A therapist that shrieks "I love you" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A thermonuclear detonation.	Main Deck
A thousand lifetimes.	Card Lab
A thousand Scottish warriors lifting their kilts in unison.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A thousand sweet kisses.	Card Lab
A three-foot-tall corned beef sandwich.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
A three-way with my wife and Shaquille O'Neal.	Main Deck
A threesome with 1996 Denise Richards and 1999 Denise Richards.	90s Nostalgia Pack
A threesome with 1996 Denise Richards and 1999 Jessica Alba.	Card Lab
A threesome with the Property Brothers.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
A thrilling chase over the rooftops of Rio de Janeiro.	Blue Box Expansion
A Tim Hortons franchise.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
A time travel paradox.	Main Deck
A time-traveling Chinese general from the Shang Dynasty.	Main Deck
A tin of worms in metric or imperial.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
A tiny baseball player with a sopping wet scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny baseball player with a tiny, upsetting clit.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny Batman with the world's smallest pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny CEO with a chocolate-covered asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny dentist with a sopping wet taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny detective who solves tiny crimes.	Family Edition
A tiny fireman who puts out tiny fires.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A tiny fireman with a sopping wet cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny guy with a wonderful taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny horse.	Main Deck
A tiny penis that hollers "math is hard" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A tiny penis that moans "HOOCHIE MAMA!" upon request.	Bōks
A tiny penis that screams "fuck me" and then dies.	Bōks
A tiny penis that screams "Make America Great Again" into the lifeless void of space.	Bōks
A tiny penis that whispers "uh oh, here it comes" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
A tiny penis that yells "harder!" into the lifeless void of space.	Bōks
A tiny penis that yells "I'm gonna shit!" during sex.	Bōks
A tiny penis that yells the Pledge of Allegiance to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
A tiny prince with a perfectly-formed dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny Republican with an impressive pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny school teacher with history's greatest pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny woman with a chocolate-covered cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tiny, gay guitar called a ukulele.	Main Deck
A toddler named "Brench."	Hot Box
A toilet.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A toned and meaty sex person I pissed on at a Dave & Buster's.	Bōks
A toothless woman gumming on a peach.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A total lack of accountability.	Hot Box
A toxic family environment.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
A trash can full of dead pelicans.	Card Lab
A treasure map that leads to a dead clown.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A trembling dog with history's greatest penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling farmer with a wonderful scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling grandfather with history's greatest twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling guy with an extra erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling hunk with history's greatest twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling milkman with a perfectly-formed erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling mom with a shit-covered asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling Republican with a glorious dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling teacher with a weird ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A trembling woman with the world's biggest asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A tremendous peach destroying everything in its path.	Card Lab
A tribe of warrior women.	Main Deck
A truck that shrieks "you can't handle the truth!" and then kills the President.	Bōks
A truck.	Family Edition
A turd slowly emerging from my belly button.	Hot Box
A turd that just won't flush.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A turd.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
A turtle in a Mitch McConnell costume.	Card Lab
A twink in a bounce house.	Pride Pack
A Ugandan warlord.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
A unicorn that barfs rainbows.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A urinary tract infection.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A used condom.	Card Lab
A vagina that beatboxes when it's horny.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A vagina that leads to another dimension.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
A vague fear of something called ISIS.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
A vajazzled vagina.	Main Deck
A variety of jellies and marmalades.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
A vastly superior healthcare system.	Main Deck
A very serious peanut allergy.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A very sharp knife that kills bodies.	Card Lab
A viable third party candidate.	Everything Box Expansion
A vindaloo poo.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A visually arresting turtleneck.	2012 Holiday Pack
A VR horse-fucking simulator.	Everything Box Expansion
A water bottle that drinks people.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
A web of lies.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
A website dedicated entirely to pornography.	More Cards Against Humanity
A weed elemental who gets everyone high.	Fantasy Pack
A weird guy who says weird stuff and weirds me out.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A werewolf who instead of turning into a wolf just fucks boys.	Card Lab
A Wesley Crusher blow-up doll.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
A wheelchair death race.	Main Deck
A white ethnostate.	Main Deck
A white man flapping its mouth.	Card Lab
A white van man.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
A white-trash genie trapped in an Arizona® iced tea can.	Hot Box
A whole cheese pizza just for me.	Weed Pack
A whole different way of talking called Spanish.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
A whole lot of blood.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
A whole lot of Jews.	Movie Night Box
A whole lotta woman.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
A whole new kind of porn.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A whole thing of butter.	Main Deck
A whole thing of cottage cheese.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A windmill full of corpses.	Main Deck
A winking astronaut with a tiny, upsetting pecker.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking Batman with a crappy pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking CEO with a crappy asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking congressman with a creamy asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking dad with a creamy butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking dude with an infinite erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking garbageman with a sopping wet pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking garbageman with an infinite dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking god with a weird ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking milkman with a glorious pair of nipples.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking novelist with a tremendous dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking Republican with a weird penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A winking woman with a creamy penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A wise, old woman with no teeth and cloudy eyes.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
A wisecracking terrorist.	Main Deck
A wizard with a chocolate-covered scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
A woman in STEM.	Hot Box
a woman peeing on man in public several centuries ago as her friend laughs.	Design Pack
A woman politician?!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
A woman president.	Period Pack
A woman scorned.	First Expansion
A woman who farts.	Card Lab
A woman who is much stronger than me.	Blue Box Expansion
A woman who is so smart that she can predict the movements of 300 birds.	A.I. Pack
A woman's perspective.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A woman's right to choose.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
A woman's right to swap brains with a sexy vampire.	Bōks
A woman.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity
A world without boxes.	Box Expansion
A world without men.	Card Lab
A worm that ate my penis and is now my penis.	Card Lab
A Yale man.	College Pack
A yam.	Picture Card Pack 2
A zero-risk way to make $2,000 from home.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
A zero-risk way to make $5,000 from home.	More Cards Against Humanity
A zesty breakfast burrito.	Main Deck
A ziploc bag of soup.	Everything Box Expansion
A zombie with a tragic backstory.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
Aaron Burr.	Main Deck
Abandoning all concepts and categories and seeing the world as it truly is.	Reject Pack 3
Abandoning all concepts and categories and seeing the world as what it truly is.	Card Lab
Abort-tron the abortion robot.	Card Lab; Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive); Reject Pack 3
Aborting the shit out of a fetus.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Abraham Lincoln.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Absconding with my prized camel.	Card Lab
Absolutely butchering Sondheim.	Theatre Pack
Abstinence-only sex education.	Cultural Wars Pack
Abstinence.	Main Deck
Academy Award winner Meryl Streep.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Accepting that I'm a 6, at best.	Hot Box
Accepting the way things are.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Accidentally broadcasting an NSFW video to 5,000 people.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Accidentally burning down the school.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Accidentally calling the teacher "mom" during sex.	Hot Box; Out of Line
Accidentally calling the teacher "Mom."	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Accidentally conjuring a legless horse that can't stop ejaculating.	Fantasy Pack
Accidentally saying Shrek's name during sex.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
Accidentally shaking a man's balls instead of his hand.	Hot Box
Accidentally slipping yourself a roofie.	Main Deck
Accidentally spilling John Wick's coffee.	Movie Night Box
Accusing a powerful man of sexual assault.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Achieve total fitness and turning into a metal cube.	Card Lab
Achieving 500 actions per minute.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Achieving reproductive success.	Science Pack
Achieving the manual dexterity and tactical brilliance of a 12-year-old Korean boy.	PAX Prime 2013
Achieving the rank of blue belt in the Korean martial art of Tae Kwon Do.	Card Lab
Achieving total fitness and turning into a mental cube.	Reject Pack 3
Acknowledging that we stand on the unceded lands of Indigeenous peoples.	Blue Box Expansion
Acknowledging that we stand on the unceded lands of Indigenous peoples.	More Cards Against Humanity
Acquiring a gun very easily.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Acting white.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
ACTING!	Hot Box
Active listening.	Main Deck
Actual mutants with medical conditions and no superpowers.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Actually getting shot, for real.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Actually reading the Bible.	Hot Box
Actually taking candy from a baby.	Main Deck
Actually voting for Donald Trump to be President of the actual United States.	Vote For Trump Pack
Adaptive Cruise Control.	Card Lab
Adderall®.	Main Deck
Admitting defeat.	Hot Box
Adrian Talens.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Adult Friendfinder.	Main Deck
Adults.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
ADVENTURE!	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Advice from a wise, old black man.	Main Deck
Affirmative action.	Everything Box Expansion
Africa.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; More Cards Against Humanity
African children.	Main Deck
Aging terribly.	Everything Box Expansion
Agonizingly transforming into a trombone.	Scary Pack
Agriculture.	Main Deck
AIDS monkeys.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
AIDS.	Main Deck
Ainsley Harriott.	Main Deck
AIR GUITARRRRR, WAHHHH!	Picture Card Pack 1
Albert Einstein but if he had huge muscles and a rhinoceros cock.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Alcohol poisoning.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Alcoholism.	Main Deck
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.	Main Deck
Aliens.	Family Edition
All 59 inches of Kristin Chenoweth.	Theatre Pack
All four prongs of an echidna's penis.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
All manner of horrors.	Card Lab
All manners of honors.	Absurd Box Expansion
All my dead sisters.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
All my friends dying.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
All my gentleman suitors.	Main Deck
All of my teeth falling out.	Family Edition
All of the good times and premium gaming entertainment available to you in the Kickstarter room.	PAX East 2014
All of this blood.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
All the accumulated culture of a people.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
All the Asians in Vancouver.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
All the blokes I've fucked.	Main Deck
All the corn that has ever existed and will ever exist.	Card Lab
All the different kinds of lesbians.	Pride Pack
All the dudes I've fucked.	Main Deck
All the people I've killed.	Green Box Expansion
All the poop inside of my body.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
All the single ladies.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
All these boys in my yard asking for milkshakes.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
All these decorative pillows.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
All this liquid in my mouth.	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
All those things that aren't sex.	Card Lab
All types of girls, even ugly ones.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
All y'all motherfuckers.	Everything Box Expansion
All-you-can-eat shrimp for $4.99.	Main Deck
All-you-can-eat shrimp for $8.99.	Main Deck
All-you-can-eat shrimp for $9.99.	Main Deck
Allowing myself to engage in intercourse with a blue whale.	Bōks
Allowing myself to kidnap Grandma.	Bōks
Allowing myself to perform a tap dance routine for my identical twin.	Bōks
Allowing nacho cheese to curdle in your beard while you creep in League of Legends.	PAX Prime 2013
Almost giving money to a homeless person.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Alone time.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Altar boys.	Main Deck
Always© Infinity Extra Heavy Overnight Pads with Wings.	Period Pack
Amateur taxidermy,	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Amazon Prime.	Picture Card Pack 1
Ambiguous sarcasm.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
America's top gun-shooters and river slitherers, the Navy Seals.	Card Lab
America.	Main Deck
American cultural hegemony.	More Cards Against Humanity
American Gladiators.	Main Deck
Americanization.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Amputees.	Main Deck
An $80,000 bill from the hospital.	Everything Box Expansion
An 800-foot-long pool noodle.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
An aborted fetus singing happy birthday to itself.	Card Lab
An abortion.	Main Deck
An active shooter.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
An AK-47 assault rifle.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
An AK-47.	Main Deck
An alien that bellows "please, I have children" every day.	Bōks
An alien that hollers "kill me" forever.	Bōks
An alien that moans "I'm gonna shit!" during anal.	Bōks
An alien that mutters "death to tyrants!" when provoked.	Bōks
An alien that says "Death to America!" upon request.	Bōks
An alien that screams "Death to America!" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
An alien that shrieks "shit on my tits" when provoked.	Bōks
An alien that yells the Pledge of Allegiance into the night.	Bōks
An all-female reboot of The Godfather.	Movie Night Box
An all-midget production of Shakespeare's Richard III.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
An all-night fuck sesh with your dad's client Robert.	Picture Pack 3
An all-white jury.	Main Deck
An alternate history where Hitler was gay but he still killed all those people.	Sci-Fi Pack
An alternate universe in which boxes store things inside of people.	Box Expansion
An ambitious woman who wears pants.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
An anal-sex-themed roller coaster.	Hot Box
An ancient bear that eats souls.	Card Lab
An angry stone head that stomps on the floor every three seconds.	PAX Prime 2013
An angry white man with a gun.	Out of Line
An AR-15 assault rifle.	Main Deck
An argument with Richard Dawkins.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
An armored Krogan war-clitoris.	Mass Effect Pack
An army of child soldiers.	Card Lab
An army of skeletons.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
An arranged marriage.	Everything Box Expansion
An arrangement wherein I give a person money and they have sex with me.	Green Box Expansion
An ass disaster.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
An ass like a bag of pool balls.	Card Lab
An ass like two football helmets.	Ass Pack
An ass like two old Italian faces telling secrets.	Ass Pack
An ass that looks like two shivering beavers.	Card Lab
An asshole so clean you can eat off it.	Card Lab
An asshole that's had a lot of dicks in it.	Card Lab
An asymmetric boob job.	Main Deck
An atomic wedgie.	First Expansion
An autographed headshot of Nathan Lane.	Theatre Pack
An avalanche of ground beef.	Everything Box Expansion
An average dad with a tremendous ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An average dentist with a glorious scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An average dragon with a glistening clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An average farmer with an inspiring penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An average fireman with the world's smallest penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An average garbageman with an infinite vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager cop with an extra ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager farmer with a beautiful pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager hipster with a glistening cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager nerd with a crappy taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager nurse with a shit-covered taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager prince with a sopping wet twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An eager school teacher with a glorious cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An egg white frittata.	Card Lab
An eight-foot man smoking a six-foot bong.	Weed Pack
An elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
An emergency all-floor meeting on inclusion.	College Pack
An emergency induction port.	Mass Effect Pack
An emotionally draining friendship.	Period Pack
An empowered woman.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
An enchanted sword that glows when Mexicans are near it.	Card Lab
An encyclopedic knowledge of Night Court.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
An endless stream of diarrhea.	Main Deck
An endless stream of diarrhoea.	Main Deck
An entirely new color called Blorange.	Card Lab
An entrenched class system.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
An erection that lasts longer than four hours.	Main Deck
An ether-soaked rag.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
An Etsy steampunk strap-on.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
An Evening with Michael Bublé.	Main Deck
An evil man in evil clothes.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
An exclusive partnership with Taylor Swift.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
An explosion of glitter.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
An explosion of jalapeno flavor.	Card Lab
An extremely long elevator ride.	Mass Effect Pack
An honest cop with nothing left to lose.	Main Deck
An ice cream truck that's too fast for children to catch.	Hot Box
An ice sculpture of Mike Pence.	Card Lab
An icepick lobotomy.	Main Deck
An icy handjob from an Edmonton hooker.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
An idiot from New Jersey who can only make friends with Bay Area scum.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
An iguana that says "Ooh la la!" in a threatening way.	Scary Pack
An immediately regrettable $9 hot dog from the Boston Convention Center.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
An inability to form meaningful relationships.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
An inability to pick up on social cues.	Card Lab
An incurable homosexual.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
An independent woman.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
An infinite lines of perfect cubs.	Card Lab
An interracial handshake.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
An invisible giant who takes giant, visible poops.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
An M. Night Shyamalan plot twist.	Main Deck
An M16 assault rifle.	Main Deck
An octopus giving seven handjobs and smoking a cigarette.	Main Deck
An octopus that hisses "Make America Great Again" every hour, on the hour.	Bōks
An octopus that mutters "math is hard" during oral sex.	Bōks
An octopus that whispers "I hate white people!" forever.	Bōks
An Oedipus complex.	Main Deck
An old dog dragging its anus across the floor.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
An old dog full of tumors.	Green Box Expansion
An old guy who is almost dead.	Card Lab
An old guy who's almost dead.	Main Deck
An old, dirty cat with bad breath.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
An older man with a lot of money.	Main Deck
An older man.	Green Box Expansion; House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
An older woman who knows her way around the penis.	Main Deck
An oppressed people with a vibrant culture.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
An order of mozzarella sticks.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
An ordinary bro with a shit-covered penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary CEO with a perfectly-formed scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary cop with a chocolate-covered ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary dentist with the world's smallest vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary dragon with a surprisingly large pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary novelist with a smooth penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary prince with a beautiful pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary Republican with a tiny, upsetting cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary school teacher with a creamy clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary school teacher with a sopping wet butthole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An ordinary woman with a glistening twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An orgasm so powerful you travel back in time and jizz in Hitler's face.	Fascism Pack
An origami swan that's some kind of symbol?	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
An otherwise unremarkable baseball player with a tiny, upsetting twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable bro with a glorious pair of tits.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable dad with a sopping wet dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable dragon with a smooth clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable god with a shit-covered vagina.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable milkman with a smooth asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable mom with a glistening dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable novelist with an impressive clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable nurse with history's greatest scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkable woman with an epic ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An otherwise unremarkablenurse with history's greatest scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
An outbreak of smallbox.	Box Expansion
An oversized lollipop.	Main Deck
An overwhelming variety of cheeses.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
An owl that hates you.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
An owlbear.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
An ugly face.	Main Deck
An ugly man who eats birds.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
An unforgettable quinceañera.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
An unhinged ferris wheel rolling toward the sea.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
An uninterrupted history of imperialism and exploitation.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
An unskippable cutscene.	Geek Pack
An unstoppable wave of fire ants.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
An unwanted pregnancy.	Main Deck
An uppercut.	Main Deck
An X-Man whose power is that he has sex with dogs and children.	Green Box Expansion
An x-ray of a Buzz Lightyear doll stuck in a man's ass.	Hot Box
Anal beads.	Main Deck
Anal fissures like you wouldn't believe.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Anal.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Ancient aliens.	Weed Pack
Ancient Athenian boy-fucking.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
André the Giant's enormous, leathery scrotum.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of the night.	More Cards Against Humanity
Angels interfering in an otherwise fair baseball game.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Anime.	Family Edition
Announcing that I am about to cum.	Main Deck
Another bloody prime minister.	Main Deck
Another failed marriage.	Hot Box
Another goddamn vampire movie.	Main Deck
Another shitty year.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
Another shot of morphine.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Answering me these questions three.	Card Lab
Anthony Hopkins doing a monologue.	Card Lab
Antidepressants.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Antifa.	Red Box Expansion
Ants.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Anxiety and depression.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Anxiety-baking a hundred muffins.	Everything Box Expansion
Any information you may have about my missing daughter.	Card Lab
Any kind of sex with anybody.	Everything Box Expansion
Anyone who backed Secret Hitler at the $30 Kickstarter level received this.	Fascism Pack
Anything Asian.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Anything that comes out of Prince Philip's mouth.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Apatheid.	Everything Box Expansion
Apologizing.	First Expansion; Main Deck
Applying topical ointment to my grandfather's infected penis.	Main Deck
Appreciative snapping.	First Expansion
Arguing about whether gay cops get to march in Pride.	Cultural Wars Pack
Arguing about which bathroom trans people should use.	Out of Line
Arguing.	Everything Box Expansion
Ariana Grande.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Arnold Schwarzenegger.	Main Deck
Arnott's™ Pizza-Flavoured Shapes.	Main Deck
Arson.	Out of Line
Art.	Green Box Expansion
As ass like a bag of pool balls.	Absurd Box Expansion
As many cheese fries as will fit in this guitar case.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Asexuality.	Out of Line
Ashton Kutcher.	First Expansion
Asia.	Card Lab
Asian representation.	Picture Pack 3
Asians who aren't good at math.	Main Deck
Asking for money.	Everything Box Expansion
Asking nicely to cook a delicious meal for an umpire.	Bōks
Asking nicely to devour the Pope.	Bōks
Asking nicely to euthanize Kanye West.	Bōks
Asking nicely to go to prom with NBA superstar Nikola Jokic.	Bōks
Asking nicely to poop in front of the Pope.	Bōks
Asking nicely to tame Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
Asking the dentist for more teeth.	Everything Box Expansion
Asking to see the manager.	Everything Box Expansion
Ass lemons.	Card Lab
Ass to mouth.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
Ass-flavored LaCroix®.	Hot Box
Ass.	Card Lab
Assassinating Archduke Franz Ferdinand.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Assassinating the president.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Assault Android Cactus.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Assaulting a police officer.	Main Deck
Assembling IKEA furniture.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Asshole pomegranates that are hard to eat.	Reject Pack
Assisted suicide.	Hot Box
Assless chaps.	Main Deck
Assorted pickles.	Card Lab
Astral-projecting into the Goat Realm.	Fantasy Pack
Astronaut pussy.	Sci-Fi Pack
At least three ducks.	Reject Pack 2
Athena, Goddess of Wisdom.	Family Edition
Attacking from Kamchatka.	PAX East 2014
Attention to detail and follow-through.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Attitude.	Main Deck
Au Jus.	Card Lab
Aunt Jemima's® racist pancake sauce.	Main Deck
Aunt Linda.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Auschwitz.	Main Deck
Australia.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Authentic Mexican cuisine.	Main Deck
Autocannibalism.	Main Deck
Autoerotic asphyxiation.	Out of Line
Awakening an ancient evil.	Scary Pack
Awesome pictures of planets and stuff.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Awkwardly having to sing Happy Birthday to a stranger.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
AXE Body Spray.	Main Deck
Baba Vanga, the blind Bulgarian mystic.	Hot Box
Babes.	Card Lab
Baby boomers.	Family Edition
Baby Yoda.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Backing over a kid with the Buick.	Main Deck
Backwards knees.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Bacne.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Bad bitches with fat asses.	Ass Pack
Bad emotions I don't want.	Green Box Expansion
Bad music or stupid people.	Everything Box Expansion
Bad parenting.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Bad shrimp for poor people.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Bad stand-up comedy.	Everything Box Expansion
Badger culling.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Bagpipes.	Out of Line
Bags of money.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Bald Taylor Swift.	Picture Pack 3
Ball sweat.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Ball tampering.	Main Deck
Ball-by-ball commentary from Richie Benaud.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Balloons.	Hot Box
Balls.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Bananas in Pajamas.	Main Deck
Bananas.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Bangin' bimbos and boppin' bongos!	Everything Box Expansion
Banging my Argentinian mistress.	Card Lab
Banning pornography.	2024 Election Pack
Banning TikTok.	Pussy Pack
Barack Obama.	Main Deck
Barbeque World.	Card Lab
Barely concealed hostility.	Card Lab
Barely legal boys.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Barely making $25,000 a year.	Main Deck
Barely making $30,000 a year.	Main Deck
Barely making £15,000 a year.	Main Deck
Barf.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Barfing into a popcorn bucket.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Basic bitches.	Hot Box
Basic human decency.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Bathing in moonsblood and dancing around the ancient oak.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Bathing in Spaghetti-Os.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Bathing naked in a moonlit grove.	Fantasy Pack
Bathng naked in a moonlit grove.	Fantasy Pack
Bathtime.	Out of Line
Bathtub gin.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
BATMAN!	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Batman's old wrinkly dong.	Bōks
Batman's overwhelming tentacles.	Bōks
Battlefield amputations.	Main Deck
Beans from home.	Card Lab
Beard.	Picture Pack 3
Bearing many strong sons to work the potato fields.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Beating your wives.	First Expansion
Beautiful grandma.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Becoming a blueberry.	Main Deck
Becoming a man.	Picture Pack 3
Becoming engorged with social justice jelly and secreting a thinkpiece.	Reject Pack 2
Becoming Mr. Mistoffelees.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Becoming so rich that you shed your body and turn to vapor.	Reject Pack
Becoming taller and stronger than Father.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Becoming the Dread Empress of the Nine Planes.	Card Lab
Becoming the President of the United States.	Green Box Expansion
Becoming the president.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Beef.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Beefin' over turf.	Second Expansion
Beep beep boop beep boop.	Sci-Fi Pack
Beer.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Bees?	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition; Main Deck
Begging for cock.	Hot Box
Being 1/16th Native American.	Everything Box Expansion
Being 6'8' and 300 lbs.	Card Lab
Being a bad, racist policeman.	Everything Box Expansion
Being a busy adult with many important things to do.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Being a danger to myself and others.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Being a dick to children.	Main Deck
Being a dinosaur.	Family Edition; First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Being a hideous beast that no one could love.	Card Lab; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Being a motherfucking box.	Box Expansion
Being a motherfucking sorcerer.	Main Deck
Being a pervert.	Everything Box Expansion
Being a salve to the capitalist system.	Card Lab
Being a terrible mother.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Being a total bitch.	Card Lab
Being a total Miranda.	2000s Nostalgia Pack; Card Lab
Being a witch.	Main Deck
Being a woman.	Main Deck
Being a world champion masturbator.	Card Lab
Being able to talk to elephants.	Main Deck
Being about to eat an entire chocolate bar.	Card Lab
Being acquired by Amazon.	Everything Box Expansion
Being adopted.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Being an absolute girlboss.	Hot Box
Being an attractive elf trapped in an unattractive human's body.	PAX Prime 2013
Being awesome at sex.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Being black.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Being blind and deaf and having no limbs.	2013 Holiday Pack; Five Cards That Have Nothing To Do With The Holidays
Being blind but having super strength but having Alzheimer's disease but being invisible.	Card Lab
Being blind but having super strength but having Alzheimer's Disease by being invisible.	Reject Pack 3
Being born from an elephant's butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being Canadian.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Being chosen by God to win a free iPod Nano.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Being crushed to death by a stage light.	Theatre Pack
Being cummed on.	Card Lab
Being dead.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Being emotionally and physically dominated by Gordon Ramsay.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
Being fabulous.	Main Deck
Being fake.	Family Edition
Being falsely accused of murder.	Hot Box
Being famous on YouTube.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Being fat and stupid.	Main Deck
Being fat from noodles.	Red Box Expansion
Being free to eat a blue whale.	Bōks
Being free to eat Lizzo.	Bōks
Being free to exchange money for sex with the cashier at Whole Foods.	Bōks
Being free to go to prom with a sexy vampire.	Bōks
Being free to take a bite out of a cantaloupe.	Bōks
Being free to verbally humiliate Mommy.	Bōks
Being French, hoh-hoh-hoh!	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Being fucking pathetic.	Main Deck
Being fucking stupid.	Main Deck
Being gay in the 90s.	Card Lab
Being grossly unprepared for this jelly.	Ass Pack
Being high all the time.	More Cards Against Humanity
Being hunted by giant eagles.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Being hunted by owls.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being hunted like a fox.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Being in a vegetative state.	Out of Line
Being in an open relationship.	Card Lab
Being inside me.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Being John Malkovich.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Being knowledgeable in a narrow domain that nobody understands or cares about.	Science Pack
Being Latino.	Hot Box
Being lazy.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being loud and annoying.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being marginalised.	Main Deck
Being marginalized.	Main Deck
Being mindful of ccylists.	Everything Box Expansion
Being mistaken for an American.	Main Deck
Being named Gladys.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Being nervous around white people.	Everything Box Expansion
Being nine years old.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Being on fire.	Main Deck
Being on top of a waterbed.	Card Lab
Being open to new perspectives on the Holocaust.	Fascism Pack
Being paralyzed from the neck down.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
Being pleasured by a thousand tiny Adam Sandlers.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Being popular and good at sports.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck; Sixth Expansion
Being pregnant.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being replaced by a robot.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
Being rich.	Main Deck
Being sad and horny.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Being seen reading Infinite Jest.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Being sexually attracted to children.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
Being shitty to everyone and being late for everything.	Card Lab
Being shitty to everyone and late for everything.	Absurd Box Expansion
Being someone's property.	Pussy Pack
Being super serious right now.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Being terrified of a single bee.	Human Pack
Being the absolute worst.	Reject Pack 2
Being the crazy person who opened the safe.	Hawaii 2 Safe Cards
Being the product of incest.	Everything Box Expansion
Being too high for airplane.	Weed Pack
Being too high to process what's happening.	Out of Line
Being too old for this shit.	Card Lab
Being transgender.	Card Lab
Being trapped in a vending machine.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being trapped in a world where everyone's voice is Axl Rose in Paradise City.	Card Lab
Being turned into a candlestick by an old crone.	Card Lab
Being turned into sausages.	Green Box Expansion
Being unable to sneeze on my bro.	Bōks
Being useless.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Being vegan.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Being very rich and incredibly stupid.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Being white and proud.	Card Lab
Being white.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Being worshiped as the one true God.	Fifth Expansion
Being worshipped as the one true God.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Being young and in love in New York City.	Human Pack
Being young and living in New York City.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
Belching locusts.	Card Lab
Believing women.	Card Lab
Beloved television star Bill Cosby.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Belting out the chorus of a popular song and mumbling through the rest.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Ben Kingsley, of all people.	Main Deck
Ben Shapiro's crappy little ding-dong.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's hairy cloaca.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's horrifying tits.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's maggot-infested proboscis.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's mind-boggling sphincter.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's moldy penis.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's muscular brain.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's scaly labia.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's shit-covered boobs.	Bōks
Ben Shapiro's tiny little breasts.	Bōks
Bench pressing a horse.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Benedict Cumberbatch.	Main Deck
Benicio Del Toro.	Card Lab
Benzos.	Card Lab
Bestiality.	Main Deck
Betty White's roast beef danglers.	Card Lab
Beyoncé.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Big bad mama nipples.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Big Beefy baseball boys.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Big Bird's brown, crusty asshole.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Big butt cheeks filled with poop.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Big fancy bullshit.	Hot Box
Big Italian women making the spicy sauce.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Big labia.	Hot Box
Big Mississippi boys.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Big ol' floppy titties.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Big Randy.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Big snake!	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Big, juicy pimples.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Big, slappy hands.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Big, smart money boys tap-tapping on their keyboards.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Bill Clinton's alien dildo.	Bōks
Bill Clinton's inhuman snake body.	Bōks
Bill Clinton's muscular proboscis.	Bōks
Bill Clinton's revolting horse legs.	Bōks
Bill Clinton's scaly vagina.	Bōks
Bill Clinton's shit-caked hooves.	Bōks
Bill Clinton's supernatural foreskin.	Bōks
Bill Clinton, naked on a bearskin rug with a saxophone.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Bill Nye the Science Guy.	Main Deck
Bill's mom.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Billie Eilish.	Family Edition
Bimpy, the small styrofoam ball we all jack off into.	Absurd Box Expansion
Bimpy, the small styrofoam cup we all jack off into.	Card Lab
Bin chickens.	Main Deck
Bingeing and purging.	Main Deck
Bio-engineered assault turtles with acid breath.	Main Deck
Bipolar Disorder.	Absurd Box Expansion
Birth control.	Main Deck
Bisexuality.	Main Deck
Bitches who knit.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Bitches.	Main Deck
Bitcoin.	Everything Box Expansion; PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Biting a rich person.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Biting off a man's ear.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Biting through the milk carton into the delicious, milky center.	Card Lab
Black beans or pinto beans.	Card Lab
Black Jesus.	Main Deck
Black jobs.	2024 Election Pack
Black lives mattering.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Black people.	Main Deck
Black Republicans.	Everything Box Expansion
Black Santa.	Hot Box
Black, white, Puerto Rican, and Chinese boys.	Pride Pack
Blackface.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Blackula.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Bladley Cooper.	Card Lab
Blaming a fart on a dead relative.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Blaming the victim.	Card Lab
Blasting farts in the powder room.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Blasting my math teacher into the sun.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Blaxploitation.	First Expansion
Bleeding everywhere.	Out of Line
Bleeding through another jumbo tampon.	Everything Box Expansion
Bleeding.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Bling.	Main Deck
Blockbuster late fees up the wazoo.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
Blood farts.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Blood Pringles.®	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Blood, sweat, and tears.	Main Deck
Blood, toil, tears, and sweat.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Blossoming into a beautiful young man.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Blossoming into a beautiful young woman.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Blowing a fart hole in my yoga pants.	Ass Pack
Blowing a rich, ugly man.	Blue Box Expansion
Blowing into the penis so that the balls inflate.	Absurd Box Expansion
Blowing into the penis so the balls inflate.	Card Lab
Blowing kisses at the mailman.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Blowing Lucas on an inflatable chair.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Blowing my boyfriend so hard he shits.	Main Deck
Blowing some dudes in an alley.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Blowing thousands of dollars on face cream.	Card Lab
Blowing up a church.	Out of Line
Blowing up a hospital.	Card Lab
Blowing up Parliament.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Blowing up the Moon.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Blowjobs for everyone.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Blue smoke coming out of my anus.	Absurd Box Expansion
Blue smoke from my anus.	Card Lab
blue words on cartoon of chicken giving man blowjob.	Design Pack
Boat people; half boat, half human.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Body dysmorphia.	More Cards Against Humanity
Body glitter.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Body image issues.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Body shaming.	Hot Box
Boggy minge.	Main Deck
Bogies.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Bold, disruptive ideas.	Card Lab
Bolshevik rabble-rousers.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Bombing a preschool.	Pussy Pack
Bond, James Bond.	Main Deck
Bone-shattering sex with a metal woman.	Mass Effect Pack
Boneless buffalo wings.	Main Deck
Bonhomme's ancient nightmare cock.	Main Deck
Bono.	Main Deck
Boobies.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Booby-trapping the house to foil burglars.	Main Deck
Boogers.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Booing the fish at the aquarium.	Out of Line
Boomers.	Main Deck
Boppin' my flopper.	Main Deck
Boring Vaginal sex.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Boris Johnson.	Main Deck
Boris the Soviet Love Hammer.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Bosnian chicken farmers.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Bouncing up and down.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Bowser's aching heart.	PAX Prime 2013
Boxing up my feelings.	Box Expansion
Boycotting Israel.	College Pack
Boys.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Braiding my armpit hair.	Family Edition
Braiding three penises into a Curly Wurly.	Main Deck
Braiding three penises into a licorice twist.	Main Deck
Braiding three penises into a Twizzler.	Main Deck
Breaking my man's big cock in half and sucking out the sweet pulp.	Hot Box
Breaking news about what Hitler's penis was like.	Fascism Pack
Breaking nip slip news.	First Expansion
Breaking out into song and dance.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Breastfeeding a ten year old.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Breastfeeding in public like a radiant Earth goddess.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Breeding elves for their priceless semen.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Brett Kavanaugh.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Brexit.	Main Deck
Brian, the man who works at the Guitar Center.	Everything Box Expansion
Brief male nudity.	Theatre Pack
Bringing a golden spoon of caviar to your lips with fat, trembling fingers.	Card Lab
Bringing millions of dangerous low-paying manufacturing jobs back to America.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Britney Spears at 55.	Main Deck
Britney, bitch!	Pride Pack
Brown Gatorade that makes you worse at sports.	Hot Box
Brown people.	Main Deck
Bruce using the handicapped elevator even though he's a totally able-bodied person.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Brunch.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Brutal austerity.	Main Deck
Bryan Cranston, of all people.	Main Deck
Bubble butt bottom boys.	Main Deck
Buca di Butthole.	Card Lab
Buckfast Tonic Wine.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Building a ladder of hot dogs to the moon.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Building systems and coordinating processes.	Everything Box Expansion
Buildings.	Everything Box Expansion
BULBASAUR.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Bullets.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Bullshit.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Burgers and pussy.	Main Deck
Burning books.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Burning down the White House.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Burning in Hell.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Bursting into flames.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Burying my only son.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Bush's Baked Beans.	Everything Box Expansion
Bushfire season.	Main Deck
Bussy.	Pussy Pack
Busting inside a watermelon.	Blue Box Expansion
Bustopher Jones.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Butt hair.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Butt stuff.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Butt surgery.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Butthole.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Butthurt.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Butts of all shapes and sizes.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Buying and returning clothes just to have someone to talk to.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Buying the right clothes to be cool.	Main Deck
Buying the right pants to be cool.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Buying the right toothbrush cup for my lifestyle.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Buying things to fill the emptiness inside.	Everything Box Expansion
Buying virtual clothes for a Sim family instead of real clothes for a real family.	PAX Prime 2013
Cabbage.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Calculating every mannerism so as not to suggest homosexuality.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Calling 9-1-1.	Family Edition
Calling Grandma a "fascist bimbo."	Cultural Wars Pack
Calling mom because it's just really hard and I miss her and I don't know anyone here.	College Pack
Calling the cops on an innocent Black man.	Main Deck
Canada's worst mangoes.	Absurd Box Expansion
Canada's worst mangos.	Card Lab
Canada: America's Hat.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Canadian content.	Main Deck
Canadian Netflix.	Main Deck
Canadian ninjas.	Card Lab
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.	Hot Box
Cancer of the pooper.	Card Lab
Cancer.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Canned tuna with extra dolphin.	Main Deck
Capitalism.	Seasons Greetings Pack
Captain America's annoying scrotum.	Bōks
Captain America's mind-boggling ass.	Bōks
Captain America's overwhelming ding-dong.	Bōks
Captain America's pus-filled taint.	Bōks
Captain America's shit-caked face.	Bōks
Captain America's terrible breasts.	Bōks
Capturing Newt Gingrich and forcing him to dance in a monkey suit.	Main Deck
Carbon monoxide poisoning.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Carbon monoxide.	Hot Box
Carbs.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Carbucketty.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Cardi B.	Card Lab; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Cards Against Humanity.	Main Deck
Carefully guiding a coffee straw down my man's urethra.	Hot Box
Caring.	Card Lab
Carlos Santana's horrible wailing guitar.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Carlos, the man who loves hamburgers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Carnies.	First Expansion
Carribbean Jesus.	Reject Pack
Carrying a fetus to term.	Period Pack
Carrying a handgun.	Card Lab
Carrying my poop around in a ziplock bag.	Ass Pack
Cartwheeling into traffic.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Cashed-up bogans.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Cashews.	Everything Box Expansion
Casting Magic Missile at a bully.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
Casual dismissiveness.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Casually suggesting a threesome.	Main Deck
Cat massage.	World Wide Web Pack
Cat pee.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Catapults.	Main Deck
Catastrophic urethral trauma.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Catching a live salmon in your mouth.	Green Box Expansion
Catching a whiff of my vag.	Period Pack
Catching and eating a leprechaun.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Catfishing.	Pussy Pack
Cavities.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Cedric the Entertainer.	Card Lab
Celebrities killing themselves.	Card Lab
Cellulite.	Ass Pack
Centaurs.	Main Deck
Centuries of inbreeding.	More Cards Against Humanity
Certain things, but not others.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Chainsaws for hands.	Main Deck
Changing a person's mind with logic and facts.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
Changing in front of the other boys.	Card Lab
Chanting "USA! USA!"	Hot Box
Chanting in Latin.	Scary Pack
Charging a vibrator at Starbucks.	Hot Box
Charging up all the way.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Charisma.	Main Deck
Charles Barkley Shut Up and Jam!	PAX Prime 2013
Cheap immigrant labor.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Cheating in the Paralympics.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Cheating in the Special Olympics.	Main Deck
Cheating on my husband with the sun god Ra.	Card Lab
Cheating on my main bitch with my ancillary bitch.	Card Lab
Checking my balls for cancer.	Out of Line
Cheeky bum sex.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Cheerful blowjob robots.	Sci-Fi Pack
Cheese crunchies.	Weed Pack
Cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory.	Card Lab
Cheesy French anus.	Ass Pack
Cheeto fingers.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Chemical weapons.	Main Deck
Chemotherapy.	Human Pack
Chest hair.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Chicken bones from the trash can.	Pussy Pack
Chicken nuggies!	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Chicken peppers with oh.	Card Lab
Child abuse.	Main Deck
Child beauty pageants.	Main Deck
Child labor.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Child Protective Services.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Child support payments.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
Childhood obesity.	More Cards Against Humanity
Childless cat ladies.	2024 Election Pack
Children on leashes.	Main Deck
China.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Chinese people.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Chinese pResident Xi Jinping.	Everything Box Expansion
Chinese state propaganda.	Main Deck
Chipotle.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Chit.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Chivalry.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Chloroform.	Out of Line
Choking to death on a Werther's Original.	Everything Box Expansion
Cholesterol.	Clam Pack
Chonk in the donk.	More Cards Against Humanity
Choosing to be a homosexual.	Card Lab
Chopping off a bit of the penis.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Chowder.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Chris Evans grabbing his left boob while laughing.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Chris Hemsworth.	Green Box Expansion
Christian hip-hop.	Hot Box
Christian tacos.	Card Lab
Christopher Columbus.	Cultural Wars Pack
Christopher Walken.	Main Deck
Chugging a gallon of milk and then vomiting a gallon of milk.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Hidden Compartment Pack
Chugging a lava lamp.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Chugging bleach.	Card Lab
Chundering into a kangaroo's pouch.	Main Deck
Chungo, the talking gorilla.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Chunks of dead backpacker.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Chunks of dead hitchhiker.	Main Deck
Chunks of dead prostitute.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
Chunks.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Hot Box
Chunky highlights.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Chutzpah.	Main Deck
Cigarettes.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Hot Box
Civilian casualties.	Main Deck
Clam-O-Naise®.	Clam Pack
Clamping down on a gazelle's jugular and tasting its warm life waters.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
Clams.	Family Edition; First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Classist undertones.	Main Deck
Classy Ewok porn.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
clay figures having sex on a couch.	Design Pack
Clean drinking water.	Main Deck
Clearing a bloody path through Walmart with a scimitar.	2012 Holiday Pack
Clearly asking for no cucumbers in my salad, and yet here we are.	Absurd Box Expansion
Clearly asking for no cucumbers on your salad, and yet here we are.	Card Lab
Clenched butt cheeks.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Clickbait.	Card Lab
Clicking "Yes, I would like to receive promotional emails."	Hot Box
Climate change.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Climbing a telephone pole and becoming one with the Rogers network.	Main Deck
Climbing a telephone pole and becoming one with the T-Mobile network.	Main Deck
Climbing a telephone pole and becoming one with the Vodafone network.	Main Deck
Climbing into a cow's butt.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Climbing into a cow's rectum.	Card Lab
Clippy from Microsoft Office.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Clive Palmer's soft, shitty body.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Cloning Hitler.	Fascism Pack
Clubbing baby seals.	Main Deck
Coaching the 7th grade girls basketball team.	Dad Pack
Coat hanger abortions.	Main Deck
Cocaine for lunch.	Main Deck
Cock.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Cockfights.	Main Deck
Cocktail weenies.	Family Edition
Coffee.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Colin the Caterpillar.	Main Deck
Collapsing into singularity. Twenty minutes fo foreplay, three minutes of coitus, five minutes of rest, back to the yards for some croquet.	Reject Pack 3
Collapsing into singularly.	Card Lab
Collateralized debt obligations.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Collecting all seven power crystals.	PAX East 2014
College.	Main Deck
Colluding with Russia.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Colonialism.	Out of Line
Colored letters on black background.	Design Pack
colored letters on white background in square formation.	Design Pack
Coming back from the dead.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Coming out as a member of the 1976 LA Lakers.	Card Lab
Coming out as non-binary and nobody caring.	Main Deck
Commiting tax fraud.	Blue Box Expansion
Committing all Seven Deadly Sins.	Out of Line
Committing suicide at the Old Country Buffet.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
Committing suicide.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Committing treason.	Main Deck
Common-sense gun control legislation.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity
Communism.	Out of Line
Comparing dicks with Dad.	Hot Box
Competing against 20 other women for the love of Flava Flav.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Competitive shitting.	Hot Box
Complaining about political correctness.	Card Lab
Complaining.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Completely unwarranted confidence.	Main Deck
Complex transgender characters.	Card Lab
Comprehensive immigration reform.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Computers.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Concealing a boner.	Main Deck
Concealing an erection.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Condensing centuries of economic exploitation into 90 minutes of gaming fun.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
Condoleezza Rice.	Green Box Expansion
Confusing possessions with accomplishments.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Congress's flaccid penises withering away beneath their suit pants.	2013 Holiday Pack; A Cringing Look Back At 2013
Connecting with other white supremacists on LinkedIn.	Out of Line
Consensual sex.	Main Deck
Consensual, nonreproductive incest.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Consent.	Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Consequences.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Conservative talking points.	Vote For Trump Pack
Conservatives.	Main Deck
Constipation.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Consultants.	Main Deck
Contagious face cancer.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Content.	Green Box Expansion
Continuing to ignore the Uyghurs.	More Cards Against Humanity
Control top pantyhose.	Card Lab
Controlling the birds.	Card Lab
Converting to Islam.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Cookie Monster devouring the Eucharist wafers.	Main Deck
Cool 90s up-in-the-front hair.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Cool street magic.	Card Lab
Cool sunglasses.	Family Edition
Cool, relatable cancer teens.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Cool, releatable cancer teens.	Sixth Expansion
Copping a feel.	Main Deck
Copyright infringement.	More Cards Against Humanity
Corn.	Absurd Box Expansion; Reject Pack
Corporate America.	Main Deck
Correctly using a semicolon.	Hot Box
Cortana.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Cosmic bowling.	Sci-Fi Pack
Costco rotisserie chicken.	Out of Line
Costco.	Main Deck
Cottaging.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Coughing into a vagina.	First Expansion
Count Chocula.	Main Deck
Counting all my plates every night to make sure no one stole any of my plates.	Hot Box
Country music legend, Toby Keith.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Couples therapy.	Everything Box Expansion
Courageousely going ahead with that racist comment.	Vote For Trump Pack
Court-ordered rehab.	Main Deck
Covering myself with ketchup and mustard because I am a hot dog.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Covering myself with onions and sauce because I am sausage.	Main Deck
Covering myself with Parmesan cheese and chili flakes because I am pizza.	Main Deck
COVID-19.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
COVID-34.	Picture Pack 3
Crab-walking from the toilet to get more toilet paper.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Crab.	Main Deck
Crabapples all over the fucking sidewalk.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Crandolph, my sweet egg boy.	Everything Box Expansion
Crankin' my hog in the middle of a Zoom call.	Everything Box Expansion
Crashing a plane into the World Trade Center.	Main Deck
Crashing into Dave Matthews.	Card Lab
Crawdaddies.	Card Lab
Crawling all over the walls and ceiling like a dumbass.	Scary Pack
Crawling into a vagina.	Reject Pack
Crazy anal orgasms.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Crazy hot cousin sex.	Main Deck
Crazy opium eyes.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Cream.	Family Edition
Creamy slices of real California avocado.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Creed.	Main Deck
Creepy Jim, a 45-year-old man who lives in a pine tree.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Cringe.	Main Deck
Crippling debt.	Main Deck
Crippling economic sanctions.	Hot Box
Crippling OC D.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Crippling social anxiety.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Critical race theory.	Main Deck
Critical thinking.	Green Box Expansion
Crossbows.	Family Edition
Crowdfunding my daughter's bone marrow transplant.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's hideous pooper.	Bōks
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's piss-covered dingus.	Bōks
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's soft, mushy sex island.	Bōks
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's terrible fuckhole.	Bōks
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's ugly feet.	Bōks
Crucifixion.	Main Deck
Crucifying a rodeo clown.	Hot Box
Crumbs all over the bloody carpet.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Crumbs all over the god damn carpet.	Main Deck
Crumpets with the Queen.	Main Deck
Crunchy snacks for big, flappy mouth.	Absurd Box Expansion
Crunchy snacks for my big flappy mouth.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Crushing Mr. Peanut's brittle body.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Crushing the patriarchy.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Crying "Yes, Father!" while getting spanked.	Everything Box Expansion
Crying and shitting and eating spaghetti.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Crying in the bathroom.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Crying into the pages of Sylvia Plath.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Crystal meth.	Main Deck
Cuddling.	Main Deck
Cultural appropriation.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Cum, but it's ranch.	Reject Pack 3
Cumming deep and hard inside a Cobb salad.	Main Deck
Cumming deep and hard inside of a Cobb salad.	Red Box Expansion
Cumming deep inside my best bro.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Cumming into a black hole.	Sci-Fi Pack
Cunnilingus.	Main Deck
Curly fries so good you quit ISIS.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
cursive word in brown on yellow background with the two 's's being eyes for a smiley face.	Design Pack
Customer service representatives.	Main Deck
Cute boys.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Cute little footsies.	Card Lab
Cutting off a flamingo's legs with garden shears.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Cutting off my nose with scissors.	Card Lab
Cutting.	First Expansion
Cyanide.	Main Deck
Cybering with diselman89.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Cybernetic enhancements.	Main Deck
Da clurb.	Main Deck
DaBaby.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dad coming home drunk.	Dad Pack
Dad's anger management problems.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Dad's big sex night.	Dad Pack
Dad's famous chili.	Dad Pack
Dad's famous poops.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Dad's friends.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dad's funny balls.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Dad's golf buddy, Gordon.	Hot Box
Dad's head on mom's body.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dad's meatloaf.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Dad's nasty feet.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dad's nudes.	Out of Line
Dad's opinions regarding the wokeness and the canceling and what have you.	Out of Line
Daddies Brown Sauce.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Daddy going away forever.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Daddy issues.	Main Deck
Daddy's belt.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Daddy's credit card.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Daddy's mechanical thighs.	Bōks
Daddy's old wrinkly cock.	Bōks
Daddy's repulsive buttcheeks.	Bōks
Daddy's ugly butthole.	Bōks
Daddy's weirdly small feet.	Bōks
Daddy.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Damp, useless paper.	Card Lab
Dancing carefree in white linen pants.	Period Pack
Dancing with a broom.	First Expansion
Dancing with my son.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Daniel Radcliffe's delicious arsehole.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Daniel Radcliffe's delicious asshole.	Main Deck
Dank ass cancer weed.	Weed Pack
Danny DeVito.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Danny Dyer.	Main Deck
Danny got to 2nd base with his grandma.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Dark and mysterious forces beyond our control.	Main Deck
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.	Sci-Fi Pack
Darth Vader.	Main Deck
Date rape.	Main Deck
Dating a Republican.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Dave Bautista's huge, muscular neck.	Movie Night Box
Dave Matthews Band.	Main Deck
David Attenborough watching us mate.	Science Pack
David Bowie flying in on a tiger made of lightning.	Main Deck
David Cameron.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
David, the man with a 24/7 erection.	Hot Box
Dead babies.	Main Deck
Dead birds everywhere.	Main Deck
Dead cops.	Cultural Wars Pack
Dead parents.	Main Deck
Dead Queen Elizabeth II.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
Dead whales all over the place.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Death by Steven Seagal.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Death.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Deb.	Card Lab
December 7, 1941, a day that will live in infamy.	Card Lab
Deep convos about God and stuff.	Out of Line
Deez nuts.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Defeating a gorilla in single combat.	Green Box Expansion
Defecating on the neighbor's lawn.	Family Edition
Defining marriage at the union of one man and one woman.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Deflowering a princess.	First Expansion
Deflowering the princess.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Deja vu.	Card Lab
Delighting in the pain of others.	Human Pack
Dem titties.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Demanding to speak to the manager.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Demanding to speak with a hotter manager.	Hot Box
Democracy.	Out of Line
Demolishing that ass like a Palestinian village.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Demonic possession.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Demons and shit.	PAX East 2014
Dennis the Menace.	Second Expansion
Dental dams.	Main Deck
Denying climate change.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Main Deck
Denying the Holocaust.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Denzel.	Fifth Expansion
Depicting the Prophet Muhammad.	Card Lab
Depression.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
Deregulating the mortgage market.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Desert Bus.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Desperately hurling insults at Donald Trump as he absorbs them into his rapidly expanding body.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Destigmatizing bestiality.	Pussy Pack
Destigmatizing sex work.	More Cards Against Humanity
Destroying a pair of underwear.	Period Pack
Destroying Dick Cheney's last horcrux.	World Wide Web Pack
Destroying the Death Star.	Card Lab
Destroying the environment.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Destroying the evidence.	Main Deck
Destroying the planet.	Family Edition
Detecting homosexuals via intuition.	Card Lab
Deteriorating mental health.	Everything Box Expansion
Developing secondary sex characteristics.	Science Pack
Devil Sticks guy.	Card Lab
Diabetes.	Everything Box Expansion
Diaper beans.	Family Edition
Diarrhea.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Dick Cheney.	Main Deck
Dick fingers.	Main Deck
Dick pics.	Main Deck
Dicking around on the guitar for an hour.	Weed Pack
Diet and exercise.	Card Lab
Digging a hole, pooping in the hole, falling in the hole, and dying in the hole.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Digging through Taylor Swift's trash for Q-tips and tampons.	Out of Line
Digging up Heath Ledger's corpse to reenact the prom scene from Ten Things I Hate About You.	Hidden Compartment Pack
DiGiorno.	Everything Box Expansion
Dining with cardboard cutouts of the cast of Friends.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Dinner.	Family Edition
Dinosaurs who wear armor and you ride them and they kick ass.	Fantasy Pack
Dippin' that dangler into a meat wallet.	Card Lab
Dirty nappies.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Dis bitch.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Discharging a firearm in a residential area.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Disco fever.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Disco Mussolini.	Fascism Pack; Reject Pack 2
Discovering he's a Tory.	Main Deck
Discovering that what I really want in life is to kill people and have sex with their corpses.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Discrimination against men.	Card Lab
Disgraced former President Donald J. Trump.	Card Lab
Dismembering people.	Hot Box
Dispelling this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing.	Vote For Trump Pack
Dispensing hot popcorn butter all over my tight little asshole.	Movie Night Box
Disruptive financial technologies that redefine the relationship between banks and clients.	Hot Box
Dissolving my husband's body in acid.	Everything Box Expansion
Ditching my kids at the playground and GOING TO KOHL'S!!!	Hot Box
Diverse casting decisions.	Movie Night Box
Diversity, equity, and inclusion.	Main Deck
Diversity.	Main Deck
Dividing by zero.	Reject Pack
Divorce.	Dad Pack
Divorced billionaire energy.	Everything Box Expansion
DJ Jazzy Jeff.	Card Lab
Dogging.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Dogshit.	Hot Box
Doin' it in the butt.	Main Deck
Doin' it up the bum.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Doing 9/11.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Doing a backflip onto the toilet and immediately pooping.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Doing a barrel roll.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Doing a Borat impression.	Card Lab
Doing a Donald Duck voice on the suicide hotline.	Hot Box
Doing a little dance for my senorita.	Card Lab
Doing a shit in Pudsey Bear's eyehole.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Doing a shoey.	Main Deck
Doing a somersault and barfing.	Green Box Expansion
Doing cocaine with Grandma.	Hot Box
Doing crimes and going to jail.	Family Edition
Doing crimes.	Main Deck
Doing drugs with my kids.	Main Deck
Doing ho shit.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Doing it doggy, no kissing.	Absurd Box Expansion
Doing it for the children.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Doing it in the butt.	Main Deck
Doing just fine, thanks.	Hot Box
Doing karate.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Doing murders in the basement.	Card Lab
Doing my duty to your booty.	Ass Pack
Doing nothing about climate change.	Everything Box Expansion
Doing pervert stuff in the shed.	More Cards Against Humanity
Doing Spider-Man stuff.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Doing stuff bad.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Doing the right stuff to her nipples.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Doing the right thing.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Doing white people shit with a bunch of white people.	Main Deck
Dolby® Digital Surround Sound.	Dad Pack
Domestic terrorism.	Everything Box Expansion
Dominating a man by peeing on his eldest son.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Domino's™ Oreo™ Dessert Pizza.	Main Deck
Don Cherry's wardrobe.	Main Deck
Don Cherrys wardrobe.	Canadian Conversion Kit
Donald J. Trump.	Main Deck
Donald Trump holding his nose while he eats pussy.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Donald Trump Jr.'s big stinky face.	Bōks
Donald Trump Jr.'s ENORMOUS cornhole.	Bōks
Donald Trump Jr.'s piss-covered claws.	Bōks
Donald Trump Jr.'s rapidly failing brain.	Bōks
Donald Trump Jr.'s robot cock.	Bōks
Donald Trump's latest fucking thing.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Donald Trump's personal copy of Mein Kampf.	Fascism Pack
Donald Trump.	Main Deck
Donating blood because "oooooooh look at me I'm such a good person!"	Hot Box
Doo-doo.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
Dora the Explorer.	Family Edition
Dorito breath.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Doritos and a Fruit Roll-Up.	Green Box Expansion
Dos cervezas, por favor.	Card Lab
Double meat.	Card Lab
Double penetration.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Douchebags on their iPhones.	Main Deck
Dousing a songbird in olive oil and swallowing it.	Card Lab
Downloading a bunch of weird porn on Kazaa.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Dr. Jill Biden.	Blue Box Expansion
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.	Main Deck
Dr. Mayonnaise, the doctor who injects his patients with mayonnaise.	Clam Pack
Drag queens.	Everything Box Expansion
Drake.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Drama!	Family Edition
Drawing Dad's anus from memory.	Out of Line
drawing of sagging boobs with the nipples forming the word's 'T's)	Design Pack
Dreaming about boys.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Dried cum.	Hot Box
Drinkig a whole bottle of ranch.	Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Drinking a whole bottle of ranch.	Family Edition
Drinking alone.	Main Deck
Drinking away my dead son's college fund.	Card Lab
Drinking Beyoncé's DivaCup and becoming immortal.	Period Pack
Drinking coffee and paying taxes.	Card Lab
Drinking enough alcohol to enjoy life for a few hours.	Card Lab
Drinking gasoline to see what it tastes like.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Drinking my bro's pee-pee right out of his peen.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Drinking out of the toilet and eating garbage.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Drinking out of the toilet and eating rubbish.	Main Deck
Drinking pee from a champagne glass.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Drinking petrol to see what it tastes like.	Main Deck
Drinking responsibly.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Drinking ten 5-hour ENERGYs® to get fifty continuous hours of energy.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Drinking urine to survive.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Drinking whiskey and smoking a pipe.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Drinking with the DCD.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
dripping colorful letters on black background with the letters at different heights.	Design Pack
Driving a Barbie Jeep on the highway.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Driving into a tornado to learn about tornadoes.	Science Pack
Driving my daughter to her abortion.	Period Pack
Driving to a Walmart parking lot and staring into the distance for eight hours.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Drizzling agave syrup on my penis and slowly inserting it into a termite mound.	Hot Box
Drooling and mumbling into a pussy.	Card Lab
Dropping a baby down the dunny.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Dropping a chandelier on your enemies and riding the rope up.	Main Deck
Dropping a hot doodie out of my turd hole.	Main Deck
Dropping a hot turd out of my poo hole.	Main Deck
Dropping bags of milk off the highway overpass.	Main Deck
Dropping dead in a Sbarro's bathroom and not being found for 72 hours.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Dropping stuff and knocking everything over.	Weed Pack
Drowning in a sea of water.	Card Lab
Drowning the kids in the bathtub.	Main Deck
Drugs and alcohol.	Card Lab
Druids.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Drum circles.	Main Deck
Drunk teachers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dry heaving.	Main Deck
Drymount.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Dua Lipa.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dual-wielding forks so I can eat spaghetti twice as fast.	Card Lab
Dump cake.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Dumping his ass.	Card Lab
Dumping Mountain Dew Baja Blas all over my gorgeous natural titties.	Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive)
Dumps.	Hot Box
Dumpster juice.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Dwarf tossing.	Main Deck
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Dwight from The Office.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Dying alone and in pain.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Dying at age 15.	Pussy Pack
Dying for the 418th time in Dark Souls.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Dying in childbirth.	Card Lab
Dying of dysentery.	Main Deck
Dying of old age.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Dying on the Titanic.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Dying.	Main Deck
Déjà vu.	Absurd Box Expansion
E.T.'s bioluminescent clitoris.	Out of Line
Ear wax.	Family Edition
Eastern European Turbo-Folk music.	Main Deck
Eating 18,000 calories.	Card Lab
Eating a baby.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Eating a bald eagle.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Eating a Christmas tree, ornaments and all.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Eating a hard boiled egg out of my husband's arsehole.	Main Deck
Eating a hard boiled egg out of my husband's asshole.	Main Deck
Eating a huge bowl of pasta like a fat piece of shit.	Everything Box Expansion
Eating a lightning bug to gain its lightning powers.	Family Edition
Eating a man's brain for$10,000.	Picture Card Pack 2
Eating a pizza that's lying in the street to gain health.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
Eating a whole roll of toilet paper.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Eating all of the cookies before the AIDS bake-sale.	Main Deck
Eating all the fish in the ocean and now there are no more fish.	Card Lab
Eating all the skin off a rotisserie chicken.	Weed Pack
Eating an albino.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Eating an entire pizza as a legit medical condition.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Eating an entire sleeve of Oreos.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Eating an entire snowman.	2012 Holiday Pack
Eating and enjoying Buglesâ„¢.	Card Lab
Eating ass.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Eating chips and salsa for five hours.	Card Lab
Eating grandma to survive.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Eating human flesh.	More Cards Against Humanity
Eating movie popcorn out of the trash can.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Eating my boss's asshole.	Out of Line
Eating my children.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Eating my sister's hamster.	Pussy Pack
Eating my way out of a cheeseburger prison.	Card Lab
Eating or if a food bucket.	Card Lab
Eating pasta out of my pants.	Family Edition
Eating pebbles, shitting the pebbles, the eating the shit-pebbles, and then shitting those pebbles again.	Green Box Expansion
Eating pebbles, shitting the pebbles, then eating the shit-pebbles, and then shitting those pebbles again.	Main Deck
Eating people.	Family Edition; Green Box Expansion
Eating pussy bad.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Eating shellfish out of defiance of God's will.	Clam Pack
Eating so much food that you become a fat person.	Card Lab
Eating spicy peppers and pooping fire.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Eating the last known bison.	Main Deck
Eating the president's pussy.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Eating three sleeves of Chips Ahoy!	Period Pack
Eating toenail clippings.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Eating together like a god damn family for once.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Eating Tom Selleck's mustache to gain his powers.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Eating too many Cinnabons and then vomiting and then eating the vomit.	Green Box Expansion
Eating too much of a lamp.	Main Deck
Eating up whatever slop Marvel throws out there.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
Eating with your feet.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Ebola.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
Ecstasy.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Ed Balls.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Edging.	Everything Box Expansion
Edible underpants.	Main Deck
Edible underwear.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Eels.	Hot Box
Egg salad.	Family Edition
Egg-laying animals, such as the Australian brushturkey.	Card Lab
Egging an MP.	Main Deck
Eggs.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab
Eight beautiful men jerking each other off in front of a fountain.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Eight guys named Josh.	Hot Box
Eight hours of video games.	Family Edition
Ejaculating a pound of tinsel.	Reject Pack
Ejaculating a quart of hollandaise sauce.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Ejaculating at the apex of a cartwheel.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Ejaculating inside another man's wife.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Ejaculating live bees and the bees are angry.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Elder abuse.	Hot Box
Elderly Japanese men.	Main Deck
Electing a potato.	Card Lab
Electricity.	Main Deck
Electro-Stalin.	Fascism Pack
Electrocuting depressed people until they say they're not sad anymore.	Card Lab
Electroejaculating a capuchin monkey.	Science Pack
Elegant party hats.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Elf cum.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
Ellen.	Family Edition
Elli the shit-head cat.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Elon Musk's gnarled taint.	Bōks
Elon Musk's horrifying fangs.	Bōks
Elon Musk's muscular crab claws.	Bōks
Elon Musk's shitty clit.	Bōks
Elon Musk's ugly scrotum.	Bōks
Elon Musk.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Embryonic stem cells.	Main Deck
Emerging from my mother's vagina.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Emerging from the sea and rampaging through Tokyo.	Main Deck
Emerging naked from the sea.	Card Lab
Emma Watson.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Emotional baggage.	Red Box Expansion
Emotional labor.	Hot Box
Emotional unavailability.	Dad Pack
Emotions.	Family Edition; Main Deck
Empty promises and half measures.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Emptying a dump truck of feral cats on the mayor.	Card Lab
Ending business calls with "I love you."	Hot Box
Ending racism.	Out of Line
Endless ninjas.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2014
Engaging in mortal combat.	Card Lab
England.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Enjoying hamburger.	Out of Line
Ennui.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Enormous Scandinavian women.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Enslaving children.	Out of Line
Enticing a hummingbird to drink nectar out of my urethra.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Erectile dysfunction.	Main Deck
Eric Bana, of all people.	Main Deck
Escaping from North Korea.	Everything Box Expansion
Esmeralda, my most beautiful daughter.	Green Box Expansion
Establishing dominance.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Estrogen.	Main Deck
Eternal darkness.	Fantasy Pack
Eternal screaming madness.	Green Box Expansion
Ethnic cleansing.	Main Deck
Eugenics.	Main Deck
Euphoria™ by Calvin Klein.	Main Deck
Euro-dick.	Card Lab
Even more money.	Card Lab
Every man's ultimate fantasy: a perfectly cylindrical vagina.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Every ounce of charisma left in Mick Jagger's tired body.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Everybody giving Al Gore the apology-blowjob he deserves.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Everyone being so stupid.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Everyone else.	Card Lab
Everyone killing themselves.	Out of Line
Everything.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Evil walking pants.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Evil.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Evolving a labyrinthine vagina.	Science Pack
Exactly what you'd expect.	Main Deck
Excalibur.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Exchanging pleasantries.	Main Deck
Exchanging sex for career advancement.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Exciting content!	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
Executing a hostage every hour.	Main Deck
Exfoliating.	Hot Box
Existentialists.	Main Deck
Existing as a person of color.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck
Existing.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Expanding British commercial interests in Nigeria.	Everything Box Expansion
Expecting a burp and vomiting on the floor.	Main Deck
Explaining how vaginas work.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Explaining the difference between sex and gender.	Main Deck
Exploding into a flock of birds.	Card Lab
Exploding pancakes.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Exploding pigeons.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Exploding.	Family Edition
Exploiting my children on TikTok.	Out of Line
Exploring each other's buttholes.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Exploring the symbolism of eyes in the Great Gatsby.	Card Lab
Explosions, shouting, guns, breasts, etc.	Movie Night Box
Explosions.	Main Deck
Explosive decompression.	Science Pack
Expressing offensive views behind closed doors with longtime friends.	Cultural Wars Pack
Extra rations for my little girl.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Extra-warm Pepsi.	Family Edition
Extracting the maximum amount of money from naive consumers.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Extremely illegal bald eagle sex.	Out of Line
Extremely tight jeans.	Main Deck
Extremely tight pants.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
Extremely tight trousers.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Extremely tight underpants.	Family Edition
F5.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Fabricating statistics.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Facebook.	Main Deck
Facilitating dialogue and deconstructing binaries.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Fading away into nothingness.	Main Deck
Faffing about.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Failing the Turing test.	Science Pack
Failure.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Faith healing.	Main Deck
Fake news.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Fake tits.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Faking a hate crime.	Out of Line
Faking a jellyfish sting so someone will pee on you.	Reject Pack
Faking a pregnancy.	Everything Box Expansion
Faking an orgasm.	Card Lab
FALCON PUNCH!!!	Main Deck
Falling down the stairs, dying, and getting eaten by my cat.	Pussy Pack
Falling down the stairs.	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Falling I actual love with a video game character.	Mass Effect Pack
Falling in love with a hot dog.	Family Edition
Falling in love with a turkey.	Everything Box Expansion
Falling in love with poetry.	College Pack
Falling in love.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Falling into a bottomless void.	Card Lab
Falling into a pit of waffles.	Green Box Expansion
Falling into an open manhole.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Falling into the toilet.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Falling off a mountain.	Family Edition
Famine.	Main Deck
Famous peanut scientist George Washington Carver.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Fancy black curlique script on white background.	Design Pack
Fancy Feast®.	Main Deck
Farting a huge shit out of my pussy.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Farting a lot today.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Farting all over my face with your tight little asshole.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Farting and walking away.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Farting in my sister's face.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Farting into a saxophone.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Farting into your petticoats and wafting it at Lord Gregory.	Main Deck
Farting out a little boy's birthday candles.	Everything Box Expansion
Farting so hard you dislodge your IUD.	Hot Box
Farting the X-Files theme.	Scary Pack
Farting, barfing, and passing out.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Fartus Magnismus, God of beans.	Family Edition
Fascism.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Fashion… heard of if?	Reject Pack 3
Fat bitch logic.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Fat stacks of cash.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Fat, juicy pussy.	Hot Box
Fat.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Father's forbidden chocolates.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
Fatherland, the Nazi theme park for dads.	Card Lab
Fear itself.	Main Deck
Feasting upon human flesh.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Feeding a man a pie made of his own children.	Retail Mini Pack; Retail Mini Set
Feeding a three-course Italian dinner to a mailbox.	Everything Box Expansion
Feeding Rosie O'Donnell.	Main Deck
Feeding strawberries to my manslut.	Main Deck
Feeling bloaty and crampy.	Period Pack
Feeling empathy for pedophiles.	Out of Line
Feeling lots of feelings.	Period Pack
Feeling the emotion of anger.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Feeling the future is hopeless and there will be no world for our children.	Card Lab
Feeling unsafe.	Card Lab
Feet.	Family Edition
Feline AIDS.	Pussy Pack; Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Fellowship in Christ.	Main Deck
Female genital mutilation.	Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity
Females.	Card Lab
Feminism.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Fentanyl.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018; Out of Line
Fetal alcohol syndrome.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Fiery poops.	Main Deck
Fiery poos.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Figgy pudding.	Main Deck
Fighting a bear.	Main Deck
Fighting the urge to sexually arouse men.	Bōks
Fighting the urge to take a bite out of my bro.	Bōks
Fighting the urge to tame my father.	Bōks
Figuring out how to have sex with a dolphin.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Figuring out how to stop Black people from voting.	Everything Box Expansion
Filipinos.	Hot Box
Filling a man's anus with concrete.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Filling every orifice with butterscotch pudding.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Filling every pouch of a UtiliKilt™ with pizza.	PAX Prime 2013
Filling my briefcase with business stuff.	Main Deck
Filling my butt with spaghetti.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Filling my lover's bed with cranberries.	Card Lab
Filling my son with spaghetti.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Filling Sean Hannity with helium and watching him float away.	Main Deck
Filling the superintendent's refrigerator with ground pork.	Card Lab
Film roles for actresses over 40.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Filming Tabletop Deathmatch.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Filthy Albertan oil money.	Main Deck
Finally "getting" The Smiths.	Card Lab
Finally finishing off the Indians.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Finally hazzing cheezburger.	Pussy Pack
Finding a human toe in my Johnny Rockets hickory burger.	Card Lab
Finding a nice elevator to poop in.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Finding a nipple and being like "Oooh! That's a nipple!"	A.I. Pack
Finding a place to sit down.	Dad Pack
Finding a skeleton.	First Expansion
Finding out how many marshmallows fit inside my vagina.	Hot Box
Finding out Santa isn't real.	2013 Holiday Pack
Finding out that Dad's password is "FUCKHOG420."	Hot Box
Finding out that democracy might not be such a great idea.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Finding out that my dad is my brother and my mom is my father and my sister is my mother and also I'm their dog.	Picture Pack 3
Finding out that Santa isn't real.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Seasons Greetings Pack
Finding someone to decapitate Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Finding someone to fuck an umpire.	Bōks
Finding someone to perform a tap dance routine for every resident of marietta, OH.	Bōks
Finding the strength to blow my lesbian neighbor.	Bōks
Finding the strength to go to prom with Toucan Sam.	Bōks
Finding the strength to swap brains with my father.	Bōks
Finding the strength to tickle Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
Finding Waldo.	Family Edition; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Finger painting.	Main Deck
Finger teeth.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Fingering each other's buttholes.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Fingering.	Main Deck
Fire farts.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
FIRE!!!	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Firefly: Season 2.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
Firework-related genital injuries.	Hot Box
Firing a rifle into the air while balls deep in a squealing hog.	Main Deck
First Last's butt. [for those who did participate in 12 Days of Bullshit]	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
First Last.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
First Last. [for those who didn't participate in 12 Days of Bullshit]	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Fisting.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Five litres of Special Brew.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Five miso soups, four seaweed salads, three soy burger dinners, two tofu dog platters, and one pasta with meatless meatballs.	Theatre Pack
Five morons signing a lease together.	College Pack
Five teenagers with attitude.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Five-Dollar Footlongs™.	Main Deck
Flair Airlines.	Main Deck
Flamin' Hot Cheetos.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Flash flooding.	Main Deck
Flat out not giving a shit.	Main Deck
Flavored condoms.	Main Deck
Fleeing the country.	Everything Box Expansion
Flesh-eating bacteria.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Flightless birds.	Main Deck
Flipper.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Flirting with the ladies at the bank.	Dad Pack
Floating down the Hudson River with the other garbage.	Main Deck
Floating down the Thames with the other turds.	Main Deck
Floating through the void of space and time.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Flopping around like a fish.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Floppy wieners.	Card Lab
Flushing myself down the toilet.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Flying around in a hot air balloon pooping on people's heads.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Flying my airplane straight into the World Trade Center.	Card Lab
Flying robots that kill people.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Flying sex snakes.	Main Deck
Following a trail of Skittles into a sewer.	Hot Box
Food Pack initially available at PAX Prime 2015 in 3 parts from a food truck selling popsicles with each part corresponding to a different popsicle flavor. "IT'S TOO LATE TO STOP CLIMATE CHANGE CHERRY"	PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
Food Pack initially available at PAX Prime 2015 in 3 parts from a food truck selling popsicles with each part corresponding to a different popsicle flavor. "MANGO FUCK YOURSELF"	PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
Food Pack initially available at PAX Prime 2015 in 3 parts from a food truck selling popsicles with each part corresponding to a different popsicle flavor. "THE MOON LANDING WAS A HOAX COCONUT"	PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
FOOOOD FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!	Family Edition
Foraging for berries in yonder wood.	Fantasy Pack
Force-feeding mayonnaise to Tom Holland.	Clam Pack
Forced sterilisation.	Main Deck
Forced sterilization.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Forcing a handjob on a dying man.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Foreskin.	Main Deck
Forgetting everything you know about household cleaning products.	Card Lab
Forgetting grandma's first name.	Sixth Expansion
Forgetting the Alamo.	Main Deck
Forgetting to breathe and then dying.	Weed Pack
Forgetting to eat, and consequently dying.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Forgetting to put on underwear.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Forgetting your lines, shitting your pants, and your pants falling down.	Theatre Pack
formatted as a Tweet.	Design Pack
formatted like 2 of hearts playing card.	Design Pack
formatted sort of like half nude queen of hearts playing card.	Design Pack
Former gifted kids with self-diagnosed ADHD.	More Cards Against Humanity
Former President George W. Box.	Box Expansion
Former President George W. Bush.	Main Deck
Former Prime Minister Stephen Harper.	Main Deck
Forming a monogamous pairbond.	Human Pack
Forsaking God.	Hot Box
Fortnite.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Forty-five minutes of finger blasting.	Green Box Expansion
Forty-two years of repressed homosexuality.	Dad Pack
Foul vegan shits.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Founding a major world religion.	Green Box Expansion
Four Black guys, four white guys, some laundry, a few pine cones, and a dead camel.	More Cards Against Humanity
Four hours of truly goofy sex with the Blue Man Group.	Red Box Expansion
Four Loko.	Main Deck
Fox News.	Main Deck
Fragile masculinity.	Main Deck
Frantically writing equations on a chalkboard.	Sci-Fi Pack
Freaky, pan-dimensional sex with a demigod.	Fantasy Pack
Free 2-day shipping with Amazon Prime.	Card Lab
Free ice cream forever, or getting fingered by Chris Hemsworth for five minutes.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Free ice cream, yo.	Blue Box Expansion; Family Edition; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Free samples.	Main Deck
Free two-day shipping with Amazon Prime.	Absurd Box Expansion
Freeing a fart from its butt prison.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Freeing all the animals.	Family Edition
Freeing Willy.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
French fries that remind of my dead father, who loved french fries.	Card Lab
French kissing a mannequin.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Fresh Air with Terry Gross.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Fresh dill from the patio.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity
Friction.	Main Deck
Friendly fire.	Main Deck
Friends who eat all the snacks.	Main Deck
Friends who eat all your snacks.	Main Deck
Friends with benefits.	Main Deck
Frolicking.	Main Deck
Front butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Fuck Mountain.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
FuckBread, the bread you can fuck.	Main Deck
Fuckin' magpies.	Main Deck
Fucking a clam out of curiosity.	Clam Pack
Fucking a corpse back to life.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Fucking a couch.	2024 Election Pack
Fucking a pregnant clown.	Everything Box Expansion
Fucking a tree.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Fucking all my dad's friends.	Main Deck
Fucking me good and taking me to Red Lobster®.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Fucking me.	Everything Box Expansion
Fucking my cousin Bobby in an empty swimming pool.	Hot Box
Fucking my husband's brother as a form of self-care.	Hot Box
Fucking my seventh grade teacher.	Card Lab
Fucking my sister.	Main Deck
Fucking my therapist.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Fucking my wife on every mattress in Mattress World to see which mattress is the best for fucking.	Out of Line
Fucking my wife.	Card Lab
Fucking over future generations.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Fucking the beat boxer from the a cappella group.	College Pack
Fucking the weatherman on live television.	Main Deck
Fucking two marines inside a porta-potty.	Hot Box
Fucking up "Silent Night" in front of 300 parents.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
Fucking.	Card Lab
Full bush.	Period Pack
Full frontal nudity.	Main Deck
Full HD.	PAX Prime 2013
Full-on socialism.	Vote For Trump Pack
Fully appreciating naked Morris dancing.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Fun and interesting facts about rocks.	Science Pack
Fungus.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Funkified aliens from the planet Groovius.	Sci-Fi Pack
Funky fresh rhymes.	Main Deck
Funneling money through a series of shell companies.	Absurd Box Expansion
Funneling the money through a series of shell companies.	Card Lab
Furry porn that's actually sort of hot.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Futuristic death sports.	PAX East 2014
Game of Thrones spoilers.	World Wide Web Pack
Gandalf.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Gandhi.	Main Deck
Gang violence.	Card Lab
Garbage.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Garfield.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Gargling jizz.	Red Box Expansion
Garth Brooks.	Main Deck
Gary Coleman.	Main Deck
Gary Glitter.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Gary's birdlike body.	Bōks
Gary's crappy little pooper.	Bōks
Gary's gnarled face.	Bōks
Gary's thick, uncut hog.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Gary.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Gas station sushi.	Hot Box
Gathering all the world leaders in one room and showing them my pussy.	Everything Box Expansion
Gay aliens.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Gay conversion therapy.	Main Deck
Gay thoughts.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Gay.	Everything Box Expansion
Gayle from HR.	Green Box Expansion
Gaza.	Out of Line
Gazpacho.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Gearing up to devour Italians.	Bōks
Gearing up to kidnap the Pope.	Bōks
Gearing up to shower praise upon the Antichrist.	Bōks
Gearing up to slap a giraffe.	Bōks
Geese.	Main Deck
Gender dysphoria.	Main Deck
Gender equality.	Fantasy Pack
Gender-affirming surgery.	Cultural Wars Pack
Gender-neutral toys that make children feel no emotions whatsoever.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Gender.	Card Lab
Generally having no idea of what's going on.	Sixth Expansion
Generally having no idea what's going on.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck; Sixth Expansion
Generational trauma.	Hot Box
Generational wealth.	Red Box Expansion
Genetically engineered super-soldiers.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Genghis Khan's DNA.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Genghis Khan.	Main Deck
Genital piercings.	Main Deck
Gentleman's Relish®.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Gentrification.	Hot Box
Genuine human connection.	Main Deck
George Clooney's musk.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
German Chancellor Angela Merkel.	Main Deck
German dungeon porn.	Main Deck
Germans on holiday.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Germs.	Family Edition
Getting #MeToo'd.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Getting a DUI on a Zamboni.	Main Deck
Getting a girlfriend.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting a Green Card.	Hot Box
Getting a PhD in smoking weed at Bong State University.	Card Lab
Getting a skull tattoo.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting abducted by Peter Pan.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Getting aborted.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting all offended.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Getting an abortion.	Main Deck
Getting as much egg salad as possible into my body.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting attacked by seagulls.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting banished to the Shadow Realm.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Getting baptized.	Out of Line
Getting beaten up by a kangaroo.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Getting bitch slapped by Dhalsim.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
Getting bitten by a radioactive spider and then battling leukemia for 30 years.	PAX East 2014
Getting bitten by a radioactive spider and then battling leukimia for 30 years.	Geek Pack
Getting blasted in the face by a t-shirt cannon.	Green Box Expansion
Getting blasted on Four Locos, staying up all night, and shitting in a trash can.	Card Lab
Getting bukkaked by twenty Spider-Men.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting catfished.	Card Lab
Getting caught by the police and going to jail.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
Getting caught up in the CROSSFIRE™.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Getting coffee sometime.	Card Lab
Getting creampied.	Out of Line
Getting crunched into a ball and slammed through a hoop by Lebron James.	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting crunk.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Getting crushed between Serena Williams' thighs.	Main Deck
Getting crushed by a piano.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting crushed by a vending machine.	Main Deck
Getting cucked.	Hot Box
Getting cummed on.	Main Deck
Getting cyberbullied by a child.	Hot Box
Getting death threats.	World Wide Web Pack
Getting decapitated by a helicopter.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Getting deported.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Getting depressed and super fat.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Getting dick tonight.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting disemboweled.	Scary Pack
Getting down to business to defeat the Huns.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting drafted and having to be in the army.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting drenched in Dave Matthew's shit and piss.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Getting drive-by shot.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Getting drugs off the street and into my body.	Hidden Compartment Pack; Main Deck
Getting drunk at 10 AM.	Main Deck
Getting drunk on mouthwash.	Main Deck
Getting drunk.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting dumped.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting eaten alive by Guy Fieri.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Getting eaten out by a dog.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Getting eaten out in the family fitting room.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Getting eaten out while on the phone with Dad.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Getting evicted.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting fingered behind this dumpster.	Picture Card Pack 1
Getting fingered.	Main Deck
Getting fisted by a man with no fingers.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Getting forced by the government to carry a pregnancy to term.	2024 Election Pack
Getting fucked in the ass by Vladimir Putin.	2024 Election Pack
Getting fucked through a drive-thru window.	Hot Box
Getting FUCKED UP with my orthodontist.	Out of Line
Getting half hard and trying to smoosh in it.	Card Lab
Getting half-hard and trying to smoosh it in.	Absurd Box Expansion
Getting herpes from Bruce Willis.	Absurd Box Expansion
Getting herpes from Val Kilmer.	Card Lab
Getting high and watching Planet Earth.	Weed Pack
Getting high for the first time.	Card Lab
Getting high with mom.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting hilariously gang-banged by the Blue Man Group.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Getting hit in the face with a soccer all.	Family Edition
Getting hurled into a wildfire by a hurricane.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Getting in her pants, politely.	First Expansion
Getting inside the Horadric Cube with a hot babe and pressing the transmute button.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
Getting into a car, driving to the movie theater, and seeing The Emoji Movie.	Card Lab
Getting into a pretty bad car accident.	Main Deck
Getting into a situation with an owlbear.	PAX Prime 2013
Getting involved in local politics.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting jiggy with it, as it were.	90s Nostalgia Pack
Getting kicked in the head by a giraffe.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting kicked in the nuts.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting kidnapped.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting killed and dragged up a tree by a leopard.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting killed by a bear of all things.	Card Lab
Getting laid like all the time.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
Getting launched into space.	Family Edition
Getting lip fillers.	Out of Line
Getting mad at someone for not getting mad enough about what I'm mad about.	Cultural Wars Pack
Getting married, having a few kids, buying some stuff, retiring to Florida, and dying.	Main Deck
Getting married, having a few kids, buying some stuff, retiring to Queensland, and dying.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Getting married, having a few kids, buying some stuff, retiring to the south of France, and dying.	Main Deck
Getting married.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting Masturbated to.	A.I. Pack
Getting Mom pregnant.	Hot Box
Getting mommy another beer.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Getting my balls smashed in a film clapboard.	Movie Night Box
Getting my butt trapped hilariously in a tuba.	Human Pack
Getting my mind boggled by a gang of mind bogglers.	Reject Pack 3
Getting my ponytail stuck in my butt.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting my stomach pumped.	Out of Line
Getting naked and watching CBeebies.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Getting naked and watching Nickelodeon.	Main Deck
Getting naked and watching Play School.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Getting naked too soon.	Green Box Expansion
Getting naked.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting offended.	Blue Box Expansion
Getting older and uglier.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Getting on the piss.	Main Deck
Getting paid $15 an hour to engage with intercourse with Kermit the Frog.	Bōks
Getting paid $15 an hour to sexually arouse a Republican.	Bōks
Getting paid $15 an hour to swap brains with the President.	Bōks
Getting pecked in the eyeballs by a woodpecker.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting pegged.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting permission from the government to become a porn star.	Bōks
Getting permission from the government to hunt down and murder my assistant Brent.	Bōks
Getting permission from the government to pour lube on Garfield.	Bōks
Getting permission from the government to tightly embrace a Republican.	Bōks
Getting plastic surgery.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting pregnant again.	Main Deck
Getting pwned.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Getting radicalized on YouTube.	Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive)
Getting really high.	Main Deck
Getting really worred about global warming for a few seconds.	Science Pack
Getting really worried about global warming for a few seconds.	Science Pack
Getting rickrolled.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Getting run over by a train.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting sad for no reason.	Human Pack
Getting scalded in the face with hot beans.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting serial killed.	Main Deck
Getting served divorced papers.	Hot Box
Getting sexually rejected by Dikembe Mutombo.	Card Lab
Getting shit on by a condor.	Card Lab
Getting shot by a 6-year-old.	Hot Box
Getting shot by Alec Baldwin.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
Getting shot by Gary Busey.	Card Lab
Getting shot by the police.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting shot in America.	Main Deck
Getting shot out of a cannon.	Blue Box Expansion; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Sixth Expansion
Getting slapped by Will Smith.	Movie Night Box
Getting slapped with a fish.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting so angry that you pop a boner.	Main Deck
Getting so angry that you pop a stiffy.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Getting spayed.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting spit on by one hundred women.	Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive)
Getting stabbed by a Chimpanzee that escaped from the zoo.	Card Lab
Getting struck by lightning.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting struck in the toilet.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Getting sucked into a jet engine.	Card Lab; Family Edition
Getting swole.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting taken away in an ambulance.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting tanned, jacked, and juicy.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Getting tasered.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting tazed in the balls.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting teabagged by a fifth grader in Call of Duty.	World Wide Web Pack
Getting the Dorito crumbs out of my pubes.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting the email chain started for an orgy.	Hot Box
Getting the hell out of Honduras.	Card Lab
Getting the same Boots Meal Deal every day for six years.	Main Deck
Getting this party started!	Green Box Expansion
Getting trampled by horses.	Family Edition
Getting trapped in a conversation about Ayn Rand.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Getting trapped in a porta-potty.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Getting trapped in a time loop.	Card Lab
Getting unfairly canceled just for killing and eating a few children.	More Cards Against Humanity
Getting waterboarded.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting wed, having a few kids, taking some pictures, retiring to the south of France, and dying.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Getting white-girl wasted.	Everything Box Expansion
Getting your ass ate.	Pride Pack
Getting your dick stuck in a Chinese finger trap with another dick.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Ghosts.	Main Deck
Giant sperm from outer space.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Gift-wrapping a live hamster.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
Giggling and farting and slurping milkshakes.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Giggling like an anime girl.	Main Deck
Girls that always be textin'.	Third Expansion
Girls who shouldn't go wild.	Main Deck
Girls.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Girth.	Hot Box
Give me kiss.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Given out in the "swag bag" during July 2015's "Concert Against Humanity."	Reject Pack 2
Giving $5 to Black Lives Matter.	Everything Box Expansion
Giving 110%.	Main Deck
Giving a dolphin a handjob for science.	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
Giving billions of taxpayer dollars to oil companies.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Giving birth in prison.	Main Deck
Giving birth to a slippery horse baby.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Giving birth to the Antichrist.	Main Deck
Giving everyone a the nursing home chlamydia.	Picture Pack 3
Giving everything to capture Italians.	Bōks
Giving everything to devour Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Giving everything to flirt with my wife.	Bōks
Giving fidget spinners to homeless people.	Card Lab
Giving George Lucas creative control.	Card Lab
Giving Grandma a sponge bath.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Giving grandma crappy things she doesn't like.	A.I. Pack
Giving ISIS whatever they want so they leave us alone.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Giving money and personal information to strangers on the Internet.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Giving old women piggyback rides.	Hot Box
Giving wedgies to my haters.	Family Edition
Gladiatorial combat.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Glassing a wanker.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Glen's fabulous body.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Glenn Beck being harried by a swarm of buzzards.	Main Deck
Glenn Beck catching his scrotum on a curtain hook.	Main Deck
Glenn Beck convulsively vomiting as a brood of crab spiders hatches in his brain and erupts from his tear ducts.	Main Deck
Glenn Beck.	Main Deck
Glittering my pubes.	Everything Box Expansion
Global warming.	Main Deck
Gloryholes.	Main Deck
Glow-in-the-dark nipples.	Out of Line
Gluing dried macaroni to paper and mourning the loss of my son.	Card Lab
Gluing my butt cheeks together.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Gluten.	Card Lab; Family Edition
Gnomes.	Hot Box
Go Fuck Yourself.	PAX Prime 2014 - Panel Cards; PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Goat.	Main Deck
Goats eating cans.	Main Deck
Goats screaming like people.	World Wide Web Pack
Goblins.	Family Edition; Main Deck
God's boyfriend, Zach.	Hot Box
God's plan.	Hot Box
God.	Main Deck
Gogo Inflight Wi-Fi.	Card Lab
GoGurt®.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Goin' out fer a rip with yer buds.	Main Deck
Going 'oink oink' like a nasty little pig boy.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Going all out to devour my father.	Bōks
Going all out to shower praise upon a CEO.	Bōks
Going an entire day without masturbating.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Going around pulling people's tampons out.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Going around punching people.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Going around sniffing people's armpits.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Going back in time and fucking my mom to prove a point.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Going back in time to stop myself going back in time to stop myself from seeing The Hobbit.	Card Lab
Going back to the bathroom to wipe a bit more.	Out of Line
Going bald.	Dad Pack; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Going beast mode.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Going clubbing with all my bros from Goldman Sachs.	Hot Box
Going cuckoo and drowning your kids in the bathtub.	Card Lab
Going down on a woman, discovering that her vagina is filled with eyeballs, and being totally into that.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab; Main Deck
Going goblin mode.	Hot Box
Going HONK-HONK like a goose.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Going insane.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Going inside at some point because of the mosquitoes.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab
Going night-night.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Going off to college and becoming a new person, who has sex.	Card Lab
Going on an epic adventure and learning a valuable lesson about friendship.	Fantasy Pack
Going sicko mode on some cottage cheese.	Hot Box
Going to a high school reunion on ketamine.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Going to a Maroon 5 concert in 2007.	Everything Box Expansion
Going to bed at a reasonable hour.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Going to college and becoming a new person, who has sex.	College Pack
Going to Hell.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Going to prom with a 108-year-old vampire.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Going to shake a guy's hand, noticing that his hand is a fish, and pretending not to notice that his hand is a fish.	Picture Pack 3
Going to the emergency room.	Family Edition
Going to town on those bongos!	Card Lab
Going too far with science and bad things happening.	Sci-Fi Pack
Going top cheese on the backhand.	Main Deck
Going vegetarian and feeling so great all the time.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
Going viral.	Card Lab
Golden showers.	Main Deck
Golf.	Everything Box Expansion
Good grammar.	First Expansion
Good ol' fashioned face-to-face conversation.	Human Pack
Good, clean, Christian comedy.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Good-natured, fun-loving Aussie racism.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Google Glass + e-cigarette: Ultimate Combo!	PAX Prime 2013
Googling "how to do an at-home abortion."	Cultural Wars Pack
Googling "lenny kravitz penis."	Everything Box Expansion
Googling how to eat pussy.	College Pack
Googling.	World Wide Web Pack
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!	Family Edition
Gordon Ramsay's gnarled taint.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's nasty-ass spider legs.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's overwhelming tongue.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's pearly-white taint.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's pus-filled pooper.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's shit-covered fuckhole.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's terrifying fuckhole.	Bōks
Gordon Ramsay's ugly cloaca.	Bōks
Gout.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Grabbing a pigeon and stuffing it into my pants.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Grabbing my man by his love handles and fucking his big arse.	Main Deck
Grabbing my man by his love handles and fucking his big ass.	Main Deck
Grammar nazis who are also regular Nazis.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Grand Theft Auto: Fort Lauderdale.	PAX Prime 2013
Grandma panties.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Grandma shakin' her ass.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Grandma's hot new boyfriend.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Grandma.	Main Deck
Grandpa Dick Chin.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Grandpa in a Speedo.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Grandpa jerking it to Betty Boop.	Everything Box Expansion
Grandpa's ashes.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Grandpa.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Graphic violence, adult language, and some sexual content.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Grave robbing.	Main Deck
Greg Kinnear's terrible lightning breath.	Reject Pack 2
Gregor, my largest son.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Grendel, the Beast of Rothgahr.	Card Lab
Greta Thunberg.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Hot Box
Griddlebone.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Grindr.	Hot Box
Gringos.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Grinning like an idiot.	Weed Pack
Grizabella, the glamour cat.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Grooming minors.	Cultural Wars Pack
Growing a full mustache in 30 seconds.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Growing a pair.	Main Deck
Growing up and becoming a Republican.	Vote For Trump Pack
Growing up chained to a radiator in perpetual darkness.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Growing up without a father.	Out of Line
Growltiger.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Grump Cat.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Grunting for ten minutes and then peeing sand.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Guacamole.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America; Family Edition
Guesting Cardi B's new album.	Card Lab
Guiding my best bro's hand down my pants as I run my fingers through his hair.	Card Lab
Guns.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Gus: the Palsy Cat.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Guys who don't call.	Main Deck
Gwyneth Paltrow's opinions.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Hacking into the Pentagon.	Card Lab
Hades, God of the Underworld.	Family Edition
Haggis.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Hair.	Card Lab
Half a kilo of pure China White herion.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version
Half a kilo of pure China White heroin.	Main Deck
Half-assed foreplay.	Main Deck
Hallucinating the entire season of Game of Thrones.	Card Lab
Ham finger.	A.I. Pack
Ham.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Hamas.	More Cards Against Humanity
Hamcube.	Picture Pack 3
Handcuffing a wizard to a radiator and dousing him with kerosene.	Fantasy Pack
Hands down the best eggnog I have ever had.	A.I. Pack
Hands.	Everything Box Expansion
Hangin' out with some badass bitches at Panera.	Out of Line
Hanging out with Zendaya.	Family Edition
Happiness.	Family Edition
Happy daddies with happy sandals.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Hard-hitting investigative journalism.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Harmful UV rays.	Card Lab
Harnessing the miraculous power of the atom to slaughter 200,000 Japanese people.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
Harnessing the power of steam!!!	Human Pack
Harriet Tubman, American hero.	Card Lab
Harriet Tubman.	Card Lab
Harry Potter and all his sexy little friends.	Main Deck
Harry Potter erotica.	Main Deck
Harry Potter.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Hate-fucking Mitch McConnell.	Card Lab
Hating Hilary Clinton.	Vote For Trump Pack
Hating Jews.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Have some more kugel.	Main Deck
Having $57 in the bank.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Having a baby.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Having a bad life.	Everything Box Expansion
Having a brief existential crisis but then discovering that Ocean's 12 is on Hulu.	Card Lab
Having a bunch of kids by accident.	Dad Pack
Having a dream about peeing, and then actually peeing.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Having a gay old time.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Having a Golden Gaytime.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Having a heart attack.	Dad Pack; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Having a huge dick for a neck.	Card Lab
Having a penis.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Having a really big head.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Having a really cool nickname, like "The Sledgehammer."	Everything Box Expansion
Having a root in the back of a ute.	Main Deck
Having a shag in the back of a ute.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Having a small penis, but a huge Funko Pop collection.	Hot Box
Having a stroke.	Main Deck
Having a strong opinion about Obamacare.	2013 Holiday Pack; A Cringing Look Back At 2013
Having a thousand best friends but they're all pigeons.	Everything Box Expansion
Having a vagina.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Having a wonderful time at the zoo.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Having an affair.	Everything Box Expansion
Having an awesome time drinking and driving.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Having an emotional breakdown.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Having anal sex for one hundred thousand dollars.	Card Lab
Having anuses for eyes.	Main Deck
Having been dead a while.	Fifth Expansion
Having been dead for a while.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Having been dead the whole time.	More Cards Against Humanity
Having big dreams but no realistic way to achieve them.	Main Deck
Having divorced parents.	Everything Box Expansion
Having fingers for teeth.	Card Lab
Having fucked more than zero but less than two boys.	Card Lab
Having gay sex with a gay man.	Out of Line
Having just masturbated.	Picture Card Pack 1
Having many husbands.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Having no ass whatsoever.	Hot Box
Having no bones.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Having no friends.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Having no idea what the fuck is going on.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Having no idea what's going on.	Family Edition
Having no legs, just toes.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Having no opinion about whether the Holocaust happened.	Pussy Pack
Having nothing to prove.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Having pizza time with my turtle brothers and rat dad.	Card Lab
Having sex for the first time.	Main Deck
Having sex on top of a pizza.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Having sex with a beautiful person.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
Having sex with a man and then eating his head.	Green Box Expansion
Having sex with all the cars from Cars.	Movie Night Box
Having sex with as many Ukrainians as possible to aid the war effort.	Out of Line
Having sex with every man in Winnipeg.	Main Deck
Having sex with your mom.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Having shotguns for legs.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Having six weeks left to live.	Everything Box Expansion
Having thirty sons named Chad.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Having to pee so bad.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Having tuna sandwiches with my favorite honkies.	Absurd Box Expansion
Having tuna sandwiches with my favorite honkys.	Card Lab
Having unprotected sex with The Blob.	Scary Pack
Having your titties sucked while sucking on titties.	Pride Pack
HBO's Real Sex.	Card Lab
Healthcare.gov.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Heartwarming orphans.	Main Deck
Heath Ledger.	Main Deck
Heathcliff.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Heaven.	Picture Card Pack 1
Helpful applications for my telephone.	Card Lab
Helplessly giggling at the mention of Hutus and Tutsis.	Main Deck
Hentai.	Everything Box Expansion
Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II.	Main Deck
Her Royal Highness, Queen Elizabeth II.	Main Deck
Heritage minutes.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Heroin.	Main Deck
Heteronormativity.	Main Deck
Hickory-fucked pork ribs smothered in hot garbage.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Hideous deformities.	Card Lab
Hiding from border patrol.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Hiding from the Nazis.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
High fructose corn syrup.	Card Lab
Hiking up a hillside covered in bear semen yelling "I'm the queen of the forest!"	Absurd Box Expansion
Hiking up a hillside covered in beer semen yelling 'I'm the queen of the forest!'	Card Lab
Hillary Clinton's death stare.	Second Expansion
Hillary Clinton's emails.	Main Deck
Hillary Clinton.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Hills that are alive.	Card Lab
Him.	Card Lab
Hip hop jewels.	Main Deck
Hipsters.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Hiro, the dog.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
His soft, pink lips exploring every contour of my body.	Card Lab
Historical revisionism.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Historically black colleges.	Main Deck
Hitler's gas bill.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Hitler's sound economic policies.	Fascism Pack
Hitting the dance floor so hard it wins full custody of the kids.	Card Lab
Hobos.	Main Deck
Hockey teeth.	Main Deck
Hodor.	Fantasy Pack; PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
Hogs.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Holding a banana and pretending it's a phone.	Card Lab
Holding a lantern and saying, "Who goes there?"	Everything Box Expansion
Holding a pepper grinder for some reason.	Main Deck
Holding a pepper mill for some reason.	Main Deck
Holding down a child and farting all over him.	Main Deck
Holding Kyle's hand, just for a second.	Card Lab
Holding the proper political beliefs of my time to attract a mate.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Holding up the line at Walgreens by trying to use an expired coupon.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Hom Tanks.	Card Lab
Home video of Oprah sobbing into a Lean Cuisine®.	Main Deck
Homeless people.	Main Deck
Homeless veterans.	Out of Line
Homeopathic nonsense.	Hot Box
Homework.	Family Edition; Green Box Expansion
Homo milk.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
HOOAH! HOOWAH! HOT MAMA! HOO BOY! HOT DAMN! HOOCHIE MAMA! HAG NUT! DUCK NUGGET! FUCK TRUCK! HUCKA MUCKA!	Hot Box
Hoobastank.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Hooks for hands.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Hooning.	Main Deck
Hoopnugget, the game where you throw a nugget into a hoop.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Hootin' and hollerin'.	Everything Box Expansion
Hooves.	Everything Box Expansion
Hope.	Main Deck
Hoping things will get better on their own without taking any action whatsoever.	Hot Box
Hormone injections.	Main Deck
Horny Christian Teens.	College Pack
Horny.	Everything Box Expansion
Horrible allergies.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Horrifying laser hair removal accidents.	Main Deck
Horse meat.	Main Deck
Horse yoga.	Picture Card Pack 2
Horse-based humor.	Card Lab
Hospice care.	Main Deck
Hot Asian men.	Main Deck
Hot brown piss.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Hot Bucket, the show where celebrities sit on a hot bucket.	Card Lab
Hot cheese.	Main Deck
Hot doctors.	Card Lab
Hot dog, the game you can eat, but only once.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
Hot doooooooogs!	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Hot gossip.	Family Edition
Hot Latina MILFs.	Card Lab
Hot lava.	Family Edition
Hot lettuce.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Hot milk with ice cubes.	Card Lab
Hot nuts.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Hot Orange juice and wet pizza.	Card Lab
Hot people.	Main Deck
Hot pics of my mom in college.	Out of Line
Hot Pockets®.	Main Deck
Hot tub diarrhea.	Out of Line
Hot tub.	Weed Pack
Hot, fresh bread.	Card Lab
Hot, fresh doodies.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Hot, young balls.	Card Lab
Hot.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
How amazing it is to be on mushrooms.	Main Deck
How amazing it is to cook a delicious meal for a sexy vampire.	Bōks
How amazing it is to euthanize Joe Rogan.	Bōks
How amazing it is to hunt down and murder Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
How amazing it is to subdue Grandpa.	Bōks
How awesome I am.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
How awesome it is to be white.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
How awesome it would be if my sister was a pornstar.	Card Lab
How bad my daughter fucked up her dance recital.	Main Deck
How badly I want to flirt with the mayor of Grand Rapids, MI.	Bōks
How badly I want to sexually arouse the mayor of Grand Rapids, MI.	Bōks
How badly I want to wrongfully imprison my lesbian neighbor.	Bōks
How big Liam Neeson's dick probably is.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
How bloody that dick's about to be.	Period Pack
How bright the sun is.	Weed Pack
How cool it is that I love Jesus and he loves me back.	Seasons Greetings Pack
How cool it is to smoke cigarettes.	Card Lab
How cool Nazi airplanes are.	Fascism Pack
How easy it is to climb over a wall with a ladder.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
How easy it is to lick an umpire.	Bōks
How easy it is to murder a porn star.	Bōks
How easy it is to perform fellatio on Kanye West.	Bōks
How easy it is to perform fellatio on owls.	Bōks
How far I can get my own penis up my butt.	Hidden Compartment Pack; Main Deck
How fun and cool it would be to be killed by Cousin Alex.	Bōks
How fun and cool it would be to diarrhea all over some white lady.	Bōks
How fun and cool it would be to eat out Joe Rogan.	Bōks
How fun and cool it would be to eat out the President.	Bōks
How fun it is to eat Pringles.®	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
How good it feels to do a sexy dance for you.	Bōks
How good it feels to murder owls.	Bōks
How good it feels to teach Mandarin to a used car salesman.	Bōks
How good lead paint taste.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
How good the booty taste.	Ass Pack
How good this cantaloupe feels on my penis.	Human Pack
How great my ass looks in these jeans.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
How great of a blowjob Jesus could give.	Seasons Greetings Pack
How great of a movie Men In Black was.	Sci-Fi Pack
How horrible it is when the homeless people and drug dealers leave a neighborhood and get replaced by juice bars and high-end restaurants.	Card Lab
How hot Orlando Bloom was in Lord of the Rings.	Fantasy Pack
How inconvenient it would be for society if boy cum cured cancer.	More Cards Against Humanity
How many Asians there are.	College Pack
How many bagels I can fit on my penis.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
How many drinks Aunty Deborah has had.	Seasons Greetings Pack
How much everyone wants to capture a wizard.	Bōks
How much everyone wants to kidnap my roomate who hates me.	Bōks
How much everyone wants to peg some guy's feet.	Bōks
How much everyone wants to shower praise upon you.	Bōks
How much I like to capture Vladimir Putin.	Bōks
How much I like to peg a used car salesman.	Bōks
How much wood a woodchuck would chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
How nice Tom Hanks is in person.	Card Lab
How quiet the forest is.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
How sad it is that Tom Hanks died of COVID.	Everything Box Expansion
How sad it will be when Morgan Freeman dies.	Green Box Expansion
How school slowly breaks your spirit and drains your will to live.	Family Edition
How strange it is to be anything at all.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
How wet it makes me to exchange money for sex with Grandma.	Bōks
How wet it makes me to go to prom with the Pope.	Bōks
How wet it makes me to teach Mandarin to some sexy guy.	Bōks
How wet my pussy is.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
How wonderful it is when my master throws the ball and I go and get it for him.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Howard.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
However much weed $20 can buy.	Main Deck
HPV.	Everything Box Expansion
Huffing and puffing and blowing my stepdad.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Huffing gasoline.	Main Deck
Huffing spray paint.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Huge American children.	Everything Box Expansion
Huge biceps.	Main Deck
Huge big balls full of jizz.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Huge panties.	Card Lab
Huge pants.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Huge popcorn nugs of hairy alien weed.	Weed Pack
Huge tits and a can-do attitude.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Huge, hairy men.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Hulk Hogan.	Main Deck
Human extinction.	Card Lab; Climate Catastrophe Pack
Human sacrifice.	Scary Pack
Humans.	Card Lab
Humphrey, the toilet king.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Hundreds of nipples.	Card Lab
Hundreds of tumors.	Card Lab
Hunks and babes as far as the eye can see.	Card Lab
Hunky grandpa.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Hunter Biden's cock.	Cultural Wars Pack
Hunting "accidents".	Main Deck
Hunting white men for sport.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Hurling one's body down a hill in pursuit of a wheel of cheese.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Hurricane Katrina.	Main Deck
Hurting people's feelings.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Hurting those closest to me.	Main Deck
Hush money.	Absurd Box Expansion
Hydraulic legs.	Card Lab
I am a goat.	Everything Box Expansion
I am Groot I am Groot I am Groot ARE YOU LAUGHING YET? I am Groot I am Groot I am Groot ISN'T IT FUNNY? I am Groot I am Groot I am Groot HAHAHA IT'S SO FUCKING FUNNY THAT'S ALL HE CAN SAY, GOD I LOVE MARVEL.	Movie Night Box
I am only using this card because i don't have any other cards to play.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
I'm friends with your dad on Facebook.	Main Deck
Ice pee.	Family Edition
Ice.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Main Deck; Midterm Pack 2018
Idiots.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
idk lol.	Everything Box Expansion
Ignoring climate change and hoping it goes away.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Illegal crab racing.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Illegal drugs.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Illegal fireworks.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Illegal immigrants.	Main Deck
Immaculate conception.	2012 Holiday Pack
Immortality cream.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Immunity from criminal prosecution.	More Cards Against Humanity
Impersonating a police officer.	Hot Box
Important news about Taylor Swift.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Impostor Syndrome.	Everything Box Expansion
Impotence.	Main Deck
Improv comedy.	Theatre Pack
Improvised explosive devices.	Main Deck
In word bubble yelled by a leg wearing green tights in pink/red face with white background.	Design Pack
Inappropriate yodeling.	Main Deck
Incels.	Card Lab; Hot Box
Incest porn.	Out of Line
Incest.	Main Deck
Income inequality.	Out of Line
Increasing economic and political polarization.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Incredible seats that are so close to the thing.	Card Lab
Indecorous references to the girth of President Taft.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Independence from Great Britain.	Card Lab
Indescribable loneliness.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Inducing labor with a McFlurry® spoon.	Hot Box
Infidelity.	Hot Box
Infinite tacos.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Infinity.	Science Pack
Inflating my penis with a basketball pump.	Out of Line
Informing you that I am a registered sex offender.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Inhaling a bird mid-yawn.	Everything Box Expansion
Inheriting five million dollars.	Card Lab
Injecting speed into one arm and horse tranquilizer into the other.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Inquiring about one's readiness to rock.	Hot Box
Insane empanadas.	A.I. Pack
Insatiable bloodlust.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Inserting a jam jar into my anus.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Inserting a Mason jar into my anus.	Main Deck
Inspiring interracial gay sex.	Card Lab
Insufficient serotonin.	Science Pack
Intellectual masturbation.	More Cards Against Humanity
Intelligent design.	Main Deck
Intense, prolonged eye contact.	Out of Line
Intensely staring into a horse's butt.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Intergenerational trauma.	Main Deck
Internet porn analysis paralysis.	World Wide Web Pack
Interrupting women.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Intersectionality.	Out of Line
Interspecies marriage.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Intimacy problems.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Invading Poland.	Main Deck
Invading Ukraine.	Hot Box
Ironically buying a trucker hat and then ironically being a trucker for 38 years.	Retail Mini Pack; Retail Mini Set
Irrefutable evidence that God is real.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Irritable Bowel Syndrome.	Main Deck
ISIS.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Israel.	More Cards Against Humanity
It being too late to stop having sex with a horse.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Italians.	Main Deck
Itchy butthole.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Itchy pussy.	Main Deck
J.D. Power and his associates.	Main Deck
Jacinda Ardern.	Main Deck
Jack White's collection of taxidermied animal heads.	Jack White Show Pack
Jack White's mom coming on stage and dancing.	Jack White Show Pack
Jack White's testosterone-fueled dementia.	Jack White Show Pack
Jack White.	Jack White Show Pack
Jacking off goats for science reasons.	Hot Box
Jacking off with sandpaper.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Jade Goody's cancerous remains.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Jafar.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Jamba Juice.	Card Lab
James Cameron staring in the mirror and wondering why he's devoted thirty years of his life to blue-alien hentai.	Movie Night Box
James fucking Cordon.	Main Deck
Janky tits that go clankety-clank.	Everything Box Expansion
January 6th, 2021.	Cultural Wars Pack
Jared Leto's diseased face.	Bōks
Jared Leto's gnarled dildo.	Bōks
Jared Leto's invisible funbags.	Bōks
Jared Leto's overwhelming anus.	Bōks
Jared Leto's prosthetic brain.	Bōks
Jared Leto's robot boobs.	Bōks
Jared Leto's terrible feet.	Bōks
Jarmungandr, the world serpent.	Card Lab
Jason, the teen mayor.	Green Box Expansion
Jazz.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Jean-Claude Van Damme in slow motion.	First Expansion
Jean-Claude Van Damme.	First Expansion
Jeb!	Vote For Trump Pack
Jedward.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Jeff Bezos's inhuman thighs.	Bōks
Jeff Bezos's jizz-soaked pooper.	Bōks
Jeff Bezos's jizz-soaked spider legs.	Bōks
Jeff Bezos's nasty-ass sex doll.	Bōks
Jeff Bezos's pearly-white fuckhole.	Bōks
Jeff Bezos's tiny little goat body.	Bōks
Jeff Bezos.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Jeff Goldblum.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Jeff Price.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Jehovah's Witnesses.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Jellicle cats.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Jenn and Trin in the morning.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Jennifer Lawrence.	Main Deck
Jennifer Love Hewitt's evil twin, Jennifer Hatred Hewitt.	Card Lab
Jenny awkwardly trying to seduce Nathan Fillion.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Jeremy and his stupid, annoying, dumb, hard, beautiful body.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Jeremy Renner getting run over by his own snow plow like a fucking idiot.	Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
Jerk off instructions.	Hot Box
Jerking off into a pool of children's tears.	Main Deck
Jerking off to a 10-second RealMedia clip.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Jerry the Jizzer and his stinky pogo stick.	Picture Card Pack 1
Jesus.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Jethro Tull.	Card Lab
Jetstar.	Main Deck
Jew-fros.	Main Deck
Jewish fraternities.	Main Deck
Jews, gypsies, and homosexuals.	Main Deck
JFK's smiling, exploding head.	Absurd Box Expansion
Jibber-jabber.	Main Deck
Jiggle physics.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
Jimmy Savile.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Jizz Twinkies.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
Jizz.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Jizzing into Santa's beard.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Jobert Rowning Dunior.	Card Lab
Jobs.	Main Deck
Joe Biden's cancer-ridden holes.	Bōks
Joe Biden's futuristic labia.	Bōks
Joe Biden's gnarled hands.	Bōks
Joe Biden's invisible facehole.	Bōks
Joe Biden's shit-caked clit.	Bōks
Joe Biden's supernatural funbags.	Bōks
Joe Biden's teeth.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Joe Biden's withered rectum.	Bōks
Joe Biden.	Main Deck
Joe Manchin's diseased dumper.	Bōks
Joe Manchin's disgusting funbags.	Bōks
Joe Manchin's prosthetic bush.	Bōks
Joe Manchin's soft, mushy cloaca.	Bōks
Joe Manchin's terrible pisshole.	Bōks
Joe Rogan's alien dumper.	Bōks
Joe Rogan's nasty-ass bird feet.	Bōks
Joe Rogan's nasty-ass horse legs.	Bōks
Joe Rogan's plastic fuckhole.	Bōks
John Howard's eyebrows.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
John Wilkes Booth.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Joining a cult.	Card Lab
Joining the army.	Family Edition
Joining the Aryan Brotherhood.	More Cards Against Humanity
Joining the hot beautiful ladies of talent agancy, Levchanko Talent, LLC.	Picture Card Pack 1
JoJo Siwa.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Jommy Tee Lones.	Card Lab
Jordan Peterson's cancer-ridden bush.	Bōks
Jordan Peterson's gnarled anus.	Bōks
Jordan Peterson's leathery soul.	Bōks
Jordan Peterson's maggot-infested spider legs.	Bōks
Jordan Peterson's phenomenal boobs.	Bōks
Jordan Peterson's phenomenal tentacles.	Bōks
Josh.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Joyless, wooden Soviet toys.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Judeo-Christian values.	Hot Box
Judge Judy.	Main Deck
Judging elves by the color of their skin and not by the content of their character.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Judging everyone.	Main Deck
Judith, my terrible maid.	Card Lab
Jumanji.	Movie Night Box
Jumping in front of a train.	Card Lab; Out of Line
Jumping into a green pipe and plunging into a world of coins.	Card Lab
Jumping off the roof with an umbrella and hoping for the best.	Card Lab
Jumping on a trampoline naked.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Jumping out at people.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Just a Luna bar for lunch.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Just hangin' out, eatin' pine cones.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Just hangin' out, ya know?	Human Pack
Just now finding out about the Armenian Genocide.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Just one grape.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Just the right amount of mayonnaise.	Clam Pack
Just the tip.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Just touching David Beckham's hair.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Justice for Palestine.	Card Lab
justin Beiber's repulsive sphincter.	Bōks
Justin Bieber's diseased labia.	Bōks
Justin Bieber's hairy sex dungeon.	Bōks
Justin Bieber's maggot-infested sex dungeon.	Bōks
Justin Bieber's revolting soul.	Bōks
Justin Bieber.	Main Deck
Justin Trudeau.	Main Deck
Juuling.	Main Deck
Jörmungandr the World Serpent.	Absurd Box Expansion
Kale farts.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
Kale.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Kamala Harris.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Kamikaze pilots.	Main Deck
Kanye West but if he were an old Japanese farmer.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Kanye West's big stinky mouth.	Bōks
Kanye West's ENORMOUS dildo.	Bōks
Kanye West's repulsive prostate.	Bōks
Kanye West's shitty foreskin.	Bōks
Kanye West.	Main Deck
Karen.	Main Deck
Karlee Esmailli.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Kayaking with my sluts.	Main Deck
Keanu Reeves.	Main Deck
Keepin' it smooth and creamy.	Clam Pack
Keeping a journal of corn memories.	Hot Box
Keeping Christ in Christmas.	Main Deck
Keeping the government out of my vagina.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Keg stands.	Main Deck
Ken Burns' definitive 10-documentary on Vietnam.	Card Lab
Kevin Bacon Bits.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
Kevin's mom.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Keyless Entry and Bluetooth connectivity.	Card Lab
KFC.	Hot Box
KHAAAAAAAAAN!	PAX East 2014
KHAAAAAAAAN!	Geek Pack
Khakis.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Kibbles 'n Bits™.	Main Deck
Kicking butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Kicking the middle class in the balls with a regressive tax code.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Kicking your mother in the vagina emotionally.	Card Lab
Kidnapping Liam Neeson's daughter.	Dad Pack
Kids with ass cancer.	Main Deck
Kids with bum cancer.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Killary.	Card Lab
Killing 2.4 billion birds every year.	Pussy Pack
Killing all the white people.	Card Lab
Killing Dad and fucking Mom.	Theatre Pack
Killing Dumbledore.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Killing God.	Everything Box Expansion
Killing my boss.	Hot Box
Killing Selma Hayek and taking her place.	Card Lab
Killing the monkeys before they become too intelligent.	Card Lab
Kim Jong-il.	Main Deck
Kim Jong-un's birdlike feet.	Bōks
Kim Jong-un's rapidly failing cock.	Bōks
Kim Jong-un's terrifying nipples.	Bōks
Kim Jong-un.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Kim Kardashian, but with spider legs.	A.I. Pack
Kindness.	Card Lab
Kink shaming.	Hot Box
Kisisng mom on the lips.	Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Kissing all of my action figures goodnight.	Hot Box
Kissing all the boys.	Card Lab
Kissing grandma on the forehead and turning off her life support.	Main Deck
Kissing mom on the lips.	Family Edition
Kissing my brother on the lips.	Out of Line
Kissing nan on the forehead and turning off her life support.	Main Deck
Kneeing a wizard in the balls.	Fantasy Pack
Kneevis.	Picture Card Pack 1
Knife crime.	Main Deck
KNIFE-CLAM, the clam that stabs.	Clam Pack
Knives.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Knocking prostitutes unconscious with a bible.	Card Lab
Knowing a bit too much about serial killers.	Scary Pack
Knowing a thing or two about sex with donkeys.	Card Lab
Knowing deep down that stereotypes have some basis in reality.	Card Lab
Knowing that rape is bad and not raping.	Card Lab
Knowing the legal age of consent in all 50 states.	Everything Box Expansion
Korean barbecue.	Absurd Box Expansion
Korean BBQ.	Card Lab
Korean muscle kings.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck
Kourtney, Kim, Khloe, Kendall, and Kylie.	Main Deck
Krampus, the Austrian Christmas monster.	2012 Holiday Pack
Kung fu fighting.	Card Lab
Kurt Cobain's death.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Kyle's glistening abs.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
La biblioteca.	Card Lab
Laboring in the papaya groves.	Card Lab
Lactating like a firehose.	Out of Line
Lactation.	Main Deck
Ladles.	Reject Pack
Lads.	Main Deck
Lady Gaga.	Main Deck
Lag.	Geek Pack
Lagging out.	PAX East 2014
Lake Titicaca.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Lance Armstrong's missing testicle.	Main Deck
Land mines.	Main Deck
Larry the Forest Fire.	Card Lab
Lasers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Lassoing old people.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Late-stage dementia.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Laughing hysterically while my partner pours coffee into my eyes.	A.I. Pack
Laughing over champagne flutes while the poor freeze to death outside.	Main Deck
Laura Dern.	Movie Night Box
Lawyers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Laying a Nintendo at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.	Everything Box Expansion
Laying an egg.	Main Deck
Laying my penis reassuringly upon your shoulder.	Card Lab
Laying thousands of eggs in a man's colon.	Sci-Fi Pack
Leading a country to war on false pretenses.	Absurd Box Expansion
Leading around children with a magical flute.	Card Lab
Leading children around with a magical flute.	Absurd Box Expansion
Leading the country to war on false pretenses.	Card Lab
Leaked footage of Kate Middleton's colonoscopy.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Leaping Joosep, the Estonian version of Spider-Man.	Picture Pack 3
Learning how to walk again.	Card Lab
Learning ju jitsu from YouTube.	Card Lab
Leaving a dog in a hot car.	Pussy Pack
Leaving an awkward voicemail.	Main Deck
Leaving New Zealand off the world map.	Main Deck
Leaving the door open while pooping.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
LeBron James.	Family Edition
Legendary Creature - Robert Khoo.	PAX Prime 2013
Legitimate criticism of Israel.	2024 Election Pack
Legs.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Picture Card Pack 2
Lena Dunham.	Main Deck
Leonardo DiCaprio having sex with a jar of mango salsa.	Everything Box Expansion
Leprosy.	Main Deck
Leroooooooooooy Jenkins!	Geek Pack
Lesbian catgirls.	Pussy Pack
Lesbianism.	Out of Line
Letters arranged in square around yellowish gradient.	Design Pack
letters/numbers printed in white rows on red background.	Design Pack
Letting a cutie spit in my mouth.	Card Lab
Letting a man do the talking.	Card Lab
Letting Bernie Sanders rest his world-weary head on your lap.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Letting everyone down.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Letting everyone out of jail.	Card Lab
Letting Jeremy touch my boob.	Card Lab
Letting out 20 years' worth of farts.	Blue Box Expansion; Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity
Letting that pussy breathe.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Letting the internet feed you.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Letting the terrorists win.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Letting these hoes know.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Letting this loser eat me out.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Letting Tim Allen do the Home Improvement grunt into my pussy.	90s Nostalgia Pack
Letting yourself go.	Main Deck
Leveling up.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Liberals takin' our guns!	Hot Box
Liberals.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Libertarians.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Lice.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Licking a goat.	Family Edition
Licking a used bandaid.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Licking and sealing the labia shut like an envelope.	Hot Box
Licking feet.	Card Lab
Licking French's Brown Mustard out of a llama's asshole.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Licking my own asshole.	Pussy Pack
Licking that pussy right.	Pride Pack
Licking the cake batter off of grandma's fingers.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
Licking the Queen.	Main Deck
Licking the toilet, as mistress commands.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Licking things to claim them as your own.	Main Deck
Life.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
light brown word on brown background.	Design Pack
Lighting a circle of black candles and trying every flavor of Doritos®.	Blackbox Press Kit; The Black Box Press Kit
Lighting stuff on fire.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Like 50 mosquito bites.	Human Pack
Like a million aligators.	Sixth Expansion
Like a million alligators.	Blue Box Expansion; Family Edition; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Like, a lot of homeless people.	Main Deck
Like, whatever.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Likes.	Family Edition
Liking big butts and not being able to lie about it.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Liking Katy Perry… in secret.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Lil Nas X.	Family Edition
Lin Manuel Miranda.	Card Lab; Hot Box
Linda, 18 but wise beyond her years, achingly beautiful.	Theatre Pack
Lindsay Graham's hairy prostate.	Bōks
Lindsay Graham's rancid balls.	Bōks
Lips that could suck the chrome off a doorknob.	Main Deck
Listening to her problems without trying to solve them.	Main Deck
Literally begging to die.	Main Deck
Literally dying from the smell of a fart.	Family Edition
Literally eating shit.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Literally fucking the police.	Everything Box Expansion
Literally Hitler.	Hot Box
Literally ruining my life.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Little boy penises.	Main Deck
Little Bunny Foo-Foo.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Little Debbie and her mom, Full-Size Deborah.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Live babies.	Card Lab
Liver failure.	More Cards Against Humanity
Livestreaming my anus while the poop comes out.	Pussy Pack
Livin' la vida loca.	Everything Box Expansion
Living a thousand lives, each more terrible than the last.	Card Lab
Living by the sword and dying by congestive heart failure.	Card Lab
Living in a pineapple under the sea, because of climate change.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Living in a pineapple under the sea.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Living in a shack with 200 pigeons.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Living in a trash can.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Living in a trashcan.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Living in Orlando, FL.	Out of Line
Living in the dumpster.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Living in Yellowknife.	Main Deck
Loading a gun.	Out of Line
Loading from a previous save.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
Loading my butt musket and firing pellets at the Redcoats.	Card Lab
Lobsters.	Out of Line
Locking and unlocking the door twelve times.	Card Lab
Locking Dad in the basement.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Locking Mother in the pantry.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Lockjaw.	Main Deck
Locusts.	Card Lab
Lofi hip hop beats to relax/study to.	World Wide Web Pack
Log™.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Loki, the trickster god.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Loneliness.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Long COVID.	Hot Box
Long, creepy fingers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Looking all fucked-up from plastic surgery.	More Cards Against Humanity
Looking at an infographic and saying "wow."	Everything Box Expansion
Looking at my underpants and saying, "oh no."	More Cards Against Humanity
Looking in the mirror, applying lipstick, and whispering "tonight, you will have sex with Hugh Jackman."	Main Deck
Looking in the mirror, applying lipstick, and whispering "tonight, you will have sex with Tom Cruise."	Main Deck
Looking into people's windows.	Family Edition
Looking like shit.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Looking stupid in a crappy haircut.	Hot Box
Loose lips.	Main Deck
Loose women.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Losers.	Card Lab
Losing 10 pounds.	Card Lab
Losing a loved one to Fox News.	Human Pack
Losing both legs to the sugars.	Card Lab
Losing custody of the kids.	Everything Box Expansion
Lotion.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Lots and lots of abortions.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Lou Gehrig's Disease.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Loud, scary thunder.	Green Box Expansion
Louis C.K.	Hot Box
Love.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Loving America.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Low hugs.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Low sperm motility.	Dad Pack
Lowering your standards.	Everything Box Expansion
Lululululemon!	Hot Box
Lumberjack fantasies.	Main Deck
Lunch.	Card Lab
Lunchables™.	Main Deck
Luring my husband to the bedroom with a trail of ferret teeth and appearing on the bed in a ferret costume.	Card Lab; ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Lurking outside a middle school.	Out of Line
Lying face-down in wet cement.	Everything Box Expansion
Lying.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
LYNX® Body Spray.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Macavity!	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Mad cow disease.	Main Deck
Mad hacky-sack skills.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Madeleine McCann.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
MAGA.	2024 Election Pack
MAGFEST.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Magic: The Gathering.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Family Edition
Magnets.	Main Deck
Maintaining eye contact with a grown man while he takes a shit.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Make-believe stories for autistic white men.	Fantasy Pack
Making a friend.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Making a pouty face.	Main Deck
Making a sim family that's exactly the same as my real family.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Making A.I. nudes from friends' Instagram pictures.	Out of Line
Making babies.	Hot Box
Making boys cry.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Making direct eye contact with a horse's asshole.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Making friends as an adult.	Everything Box Expansion
Making her bajinkles bajoink.	Hot Box
Making Islam illegal.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Making it about race.	Cultural Wars Pack
Making it look like a suicide.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Making love atop a windswept mesa as the sun blooms on the horizon.	Everything Box Expansion
Making love to a couch.	Card Lab
Making my man squirt.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Making out and stuff.	Green Box Expansion
Making out in a closet.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Making racist noises.	Out of Line
Making sex at her.	Main Deck
Making shit up.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Making the bathroom smell.	Family Edition
Making the bees angry.	Family Edition
Making the penises kiss.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Making the printer work.	Dad Pack
Making up for 10 years of shitty parenting with a PlayStation.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Making up for centuries of oppression with one day of apologising.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Making yet another TikTok about ADHD.	Hot Box
Male sexuality.	Card Lab
Mall Santa.	2012 Holiday Pack
Mall Santas.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Mama's down-home cookin'.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Man meat.	Main Deck
Man-hating jungle bitches.	Card Lab
Mandatory workplace sensitivity training.	Out of Line
Mansplaining.	Main Deck
Many bats.	Main Deck
Many wolves.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Maps without New Zealand.	Main Deck
Marcia Morgan's magnificent breasts.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Marinated anal juices.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Mario Kart rage.	PAX Prime 2013
Mario Kart.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Marjorie Taylor Greene's awe-inspiring pooper.	Bōks
Marjorie Taylor Greene's ENORMOUS cornhole.	Bōks
Marjorie Taylor Greene's horrifying sex island.	Bōks
Marjorie Taylor Greene's old wrinkly feet.	Bōks
Marjorie Taylor Greene.	Cultural Wars Pack
Mark Zuckerberg's crappy little fuckhole.	Bōks
Mark Zuckerberg's ENORMOUS pussy.	Bōks
Mark Zuckerberg's mind-boggling penis.	Bōks
Mark Zuckerberg's old wrinkly sex island.	Bōks
Mark Zuckerberg's weirdly small breasts.	Bōks
Mark Zuckerberg.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch.	Main Deck
Marrying me.	Card Lab
Marsha P. Johnson, the trans woman of color who may have thrown the first brick at Stonewall.	Pride Pack
Martha Stewart.	Main Deck
Martin Lewis, Money Saving Expert.	Main Deck
Martin Luther King Jr.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Marty McFly's horny mom.	Movie Night Box
Mashing a banana into your belly button.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mashing a banana into your bellybutton.	Card Lab
Mass suicide.	Card Lab
Massaging the breasts like so.	Card Lab
Massive, widespread drought.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Master Chief.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Masturbating in a robe like a rich person.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Masturbating ten times a day.	Out of Line
Masturbating to ISIS beheading videos.	Absurd Box Expansion
Masturbating with a Sonicare.	Period Pack
Masturbating Yoda's leathery turtle-penis.	Sci-Fi Pack
Masturbating.	Main Deck
Masturbation.	Main Deck
Matching with Mom on Tinder.	World Wide Web Pack
Math camp.	Hot Box
Math.	Family Edition; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Mathletes.	Main Deck
Matt Hancock.	Main Deck
Maureen of Blackpool, Reader's Wife of the Year 1988.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Max Temkin.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Max the Keyboard Cat.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Maximal insertion.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Maximizing ROI on supply chain and operations risk management.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Maybe getting a little involved in selling heroin sometimes.	Absurd Box Expansion
Maybe kind of getting involved in selling heroin sometimes.	Card Lab
Mayonaise.	Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mayonnaise.	Family Edition
MayooooooOOOONAISE!!!	Clam Pack
MDMA.	Main Deck
Me arse.	Ass Pack
Me jubbly bubblies.	Main Deck
Me time.	Main Deck
Me, an Asian man.	Card Lab
Me, your dad.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
ME, YOUR SON!	Picture Card Pack 2
Me.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Meaningless sex.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Measuring fruit by the imperial foot.	Card Lab
Meatballs, meatballs, meatballs!	Family Edition; Reject Pack 3
Meatloaf, the food.	Green Box Expansion
Meatloaf, the man.	Green Box Expansion
MechaHitler.	Main Deck
Media coverage.	First Expansion
Medieval Times® Dinner & Tournament.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Mediocrity.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity
Melania Trump.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Melanin.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Melanoma.	Main Deck
Memes.	Main Deck
Memory.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Men discussing their feelings in an emotionally healthy way.	Main Deck
Men under 5 foot 6.	Out of Line
Men.	Main Deck
Menopause.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Menstrual rage.	Main Deck
Menstruation.	Main Deck
Mental illness.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Meow.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Meth mouth.	Card Lab
Meth.	Main Deck
Mexicans and Muslims.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Michael Jackson.	Main Deck
Michelle Obama's arms.	Main Deck
Microaggressions.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Microdosing LSD.	Card Lab
Microplastics.	Hot Box
Microtransactions.	Geek Pack
Mid-range jump shots.	Card Lab
Migos.	Card Lab
Mike Pence.	Main Deck
Mild amusement.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Mild autism.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Miley Cyrus at 55.	Main Deck
Miley Cyrus.	Main Deck
Millions of cane toads.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Millwall fans.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Miming a blowjob.	Card Lab
Mind-blowing monkey sex.	Card Lab
Mining accidents.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Minorities.	Hot Box
Misgendering people.	Hot Box
Miso soup.	Card Lab
Misogyny.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Missing children.	Hot Box
Mistakenly hitting on a League of Legends statue.	PAX East 2014
Mistaking a retarded person for someone who's merely deaf.	Main Deck
Mitch McConnell's hairless fuckhole.	Bōks
Mitch McConnell's jizz-soaked scrotum.	Bōks
Mitch McConnell's prosthetic labia.	Bōks
Mitch McConnell.	Everything Box Expansion
Mitt Romney's eight sons Kip, Sam, Trot, Fergis, Toolshed, Grisham, Hawkeye, and Thorp.	Reject Pack 2
Mixing M&Ms and Skittles like some kind of psychopath.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Moderate-to-severe joint pain.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
Moisture.	Hot Box
Molecules.	Card Lab
Mom's bad cooking.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Mom's butt.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mom's friend, Donna.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mom's new boyfriend, Darth Maul.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Mom's new boyfriend.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Mom's new haircut.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mom's spaghetti.	Family Edition
Mom's special birthday rimjob.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Mom.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
momdad_sextape.mp4.	Out of Line
Mommy and daddy fighting all the time.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Mommy's extremely sweaty mouth.	Bōks
Mommy's extremely sweaty vulva.	Bōks
Mommy's fucked-up boobs.	Bōks
Mommy's gangrenous tits.	Bōks
Mommy's horrifying bush.	Bōks
Mommy.	Picture Pack 3
Monetizing my depression.	Hot Box
Monetizing my pussy.	Pussy Pack
Money.	Card Lab; Family Edition
Mongolians.	Hot Box
Mooing.	Family Edition; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Moon people.	Green Box Expansion
Moose knuckles in a pair of Wranglers.	Main Deck
Moral ambiguity.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
More cowbell.	Everything Box Expansion
More elephant cock than I bargained for.	Main Deck
More olives than you could possibly understand.	A.I. Pack
More.	Card Lab
Morgan Freeman's voice.	Main Deck
Morpheus.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Morphing into a werewolf at your divorce hearing.	Out of Line
Moses gargling Jesus's balls while Shiva and the Buddha penetrate his divine hand holes.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Most of a horse.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Mother's legs.	Card Lab
Motherfucking tater tots.	Food Pack
Mountain Dew Code Red.	Main Deck
Mouth herpes.	Main Deck
Mouth-to-mouth.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Moving back to Saskatchewan.	Main Deck
Moving to Ohio.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mowing the lawn, collecting the clippings, then Dickbutt.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Mowing the stupid lawn.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mr. and Mrs. Tambourine Man's jingle-jangle morning sex.	Reject Pack 2
Mr. Beast's dumb fucking face.	Out of Line
Mr. Clean, right behind you.	Main Deck
Mr. Clean.	Main Deck
Mr. Dressup.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Mr. Poop.	A.I. Pack
Mr. Snuffleupagus.	Main Deck
Mr. Squiggle, the Man from the Moon.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Mufasa's death scene.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Muh truck.	Everything Box Expansion
Muhammad (Peace Be Upon Him).	Main Deck
Muhammad (Praise Be Unto Him).	Main Deck
Mulch.	Dad Pack
Multiple orgasms.	Card Lab; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Multiple stab wounds.	Main Deck
Munchin' puss.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Munkustrap.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Murder.	Main Deck
Murdering children with a lightsaber.	Out of Line
Murdering our parents.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Murdering.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Mushy tushy.	Reject Pack 2
Music that includes a trumpet.	Card Lab
Mutually assured destruction.	Main Deck
Muzzy.	Main Deck
My abusive boyfriend who really isn't so bad once you get to know him.	Main Deck
My anime body pillow.	Geek Pack
My annoying brother.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My annoying sister.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My awesome tits.	Card Lab
My balls on your face.	Main Deck
My beautiful daughter, Salmonella.	Clam Pack
My beautiful granddaughter.	Everything Box Expansion
My beautiful log.	Picture Pack 3
My big donkey brother.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My biological father.	Absurd Box Expansion
My black ass.	Main Deck
My boss.	Main Deck
My boyfriend's stupid penis.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My boyfriends stupid penis.	Fifth Expansion
My bright pink fuckhole.	Main Deck
My brother's hot friends.	Green Box Expansion
My browser history.	World Wide Web Pack
My buddy Jeff.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My cat that died.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck
My chainsaw.	Family Edition
My cheating prick of a husband.	Main Deck
My cheating son-of-a-bitch husband.	Main Deck
My clamfather [a picture of a clam on sand]	Clam Pack
My collection of high-tech sex toys.	Main Deck
My collection of Japanese sex toys.	Main Deck
My complicated backstory that you will soon learn about.	Mass Effect Pack
My constituents.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
My constitutional right to carry a concealed submachine gun into Chipotle.	Cultural Wars Pack
My cool gay aunt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
My dad's dumb fucking face.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My dang kids.	Family Edition
My daughter fucking my boyfriend.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My dead son's baseball glove.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My dick in your mouth.	Reject Pack
My disgusting pot-bellied boy.	A.I. Pack
My dog dying.	Green Box Expansion
My dog, who is a racist.	Hot Box
My drunk father screaming from the bleachers.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
My duty to capture Grandma.	Bōks
My duty to kidnap owls.	Bōks
My duty to pee on men.	Bōks
My duty to perform a tap dance routine for my wife.	Bōks
My duty to perform a tap dance routine for poor people.	Bōks
My duty to subdue Joe Rogan.	Bōks
My duty to take a bite out of a horse.	Bōks
My entire life.	Card Lab
My ex who wanted to become a man.	Bōks
My ex who wanted to murder Joe Rogan.	Bōks
My ex-wife.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
My faithful donkey Bathsheba.	Ass Pack
My fat daughter.	Main Deck
My father, who died when I was seven.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
My father, who is a walrus.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My first kill.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
My first period.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My five dead husbands.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
My followers.	Family Edition
My friend Steve.	Family Edition
My fuckslave, Reginald.	Main Deck
My future husband.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My gay best friend.	Main Deck
My genitals.	Main Deck
My girlfriend, who goes to another school.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My good bra.	Main Deck
My high school boyfriend.	College Pack
My homophobic parents.	Hot Box
My horny, horny son.	Main Deck
My hot cousin.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
My huge penis and substantial fortune.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My humps.	Main Deck
My husband, Idris Elba.	Card Lab
My idiot husband.	Card Lab
My idiot son who doesn't even know how to blow Zendaya.	Bōks
My idiot son who doesn't even know how to ride men.	Bōks
My idiot son who doesn't even know how to sneeze on Mommy.	Bōks
My idiot son who doesn't even know how to take a bite out of a blue whale.	Bōks
My idiot son who doesn't even know how to take a bite out of Zendaya.	Bōks
My inner demons.	Main Deck
My Korean fart mistress.	Card Lab
My landlord.	Everything Box Expansion
My legal right to defecate anywhere I want on my own property.	Pussy Pack
My little boner.	Main Deck
My loud opinions.	Card Lab
My lover's piss.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My machete.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
My man, Horace.	Everything Box Expansion
My man.	Card Lab
My manservant, Claude.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
My mate Dave.	Main Deck
My math teacher's bulge.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My mom, WHO IS BEING SUCH A BITCH RIGHT NOW.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My money stolen by Cards Against Humanity and redistributed to people poorer than me.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
My mother, who never cared enough to devour my landlord.	Bōks
My mother, who never cared enough to perform a tap dance routine for Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
My murderin' axe.	Card Lab
My neck, my back, my pussy, and my crack.	Main Deck
My obnoxious cousin that howls "dominate me" when caressed.	Bōks
My obnoxious cousin that roars "hello, boys" during oral sex.	Bōks
My obnoxious cousin that shrieks "death to tyrants!" all the time.	Bōks
My obnoxious cousin that shrieks "shit on my tits" when provoked.	Bōks
My own cum.	Hot Box
My own fingers.	Weed Pack
My own personal 9/11.	Hot Box
My parents.	Family Edition
My pet scorpion, Tina.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
My piece-of-shit husband who won't even lick my butthole on my birthday.	Hot Box
My privileged white penis.	World Wide Web Pack
My puffy clit.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
My real dad.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My red hot pecker.	Card Lab
My relationship status.	Main Deck
My rough little tongue.	Pussy Pack
My secret butt.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My sex dungeon.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
My sex life.	Main Deck
My shameful naked body.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
My sister';s hair all over the place.	Family Edition
My sister's stupid boyfriend.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
My sister's vibrator.	Hot Box
My six ugly sons.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
My son and business partnew H.W. Plainview.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
My son's dipshit friends.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My son's husband's huge cock.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
My soul.	Main Deck
My special prince on his birthday.	Card Lab
My stalker.	Card Lab
My stepmom.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
My stinky pussy!	Picture Card Pack 2
My strong, terrifying daughter.	Family Edition
My stupid little titties.	Hot Box
My Tesla.	Hot Box
My third husband.	More Cards Against Humanity
My tired husband's soft penis.	Dad Pack
My Uber driver, Ajay.	Main Deck
My Uber driver, Pavel.	Main Deck
My ugly face and bad personality.	Main Deck
My uncle who voted for Trump.	Seasons Greetings Pack
My vagina.	Main Deck
My whole body getting big and strong and beautiful.	Family Edition
My whole family watching.	Theatre Pack
My wife (Borat voice).	Card Lab
My wife having sex with your wife.	Main Deck
My wife spending all my money on bullshit.	More Cards Against Humanity
My wife. (in Borat voice)	Absurd Box Expansion
My worst fear, being trapped inside a snow globe.	Card Lab
My worthless son.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Mystery meat.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Nachos for the table.	Main Deck
Naked Dad.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Naked News.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Naked people.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Namazu, the giant mythical catfish.	Everything Box Expansion
Nando's® Perinaise.	Main Deck
Naptime.	Family Edition
Narcissistic Personality Disorder.	Theatre Pack
Nasty Cousin Amber.	Family Edition
Nasty shit, like real sick stuff.	Main Deck
Natalie Portman.	Main Deck
Natural gas.	Main Deck
Natural male enhancement.	Main Deck
Natural selection.	Main Deck
Naughty little boys who need to be punished.	More Cards Against Humanity
Nazis being a thing again.	Cultural Wars Pack
Nazis.	Main Deck
NBA superstar LeBron James.	Main Deck
Neckbeard, the nerdiest pirate.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Necrophilia.	Main Deck
Necrosis of the jaw.	Card Lab
Neil Diamond's Greatest Hits.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Neil Patrick Harris.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Nelson Mandela.	Everything Box Expansion
Neoliberalism.	Everything Box Expansion
Netflix.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Never having seen Breaking Bad.	Card Lab
Never having sex again.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Never showering.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Never watching, discussing, or thinking about My Little Pony.	PAX Prime 2013
New Age music.	Main Deck
New DNA evidence exonerating OJ Simpson.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Newfies.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
NFTs.	Main Deck
Nice Mormon boys.	Hot Box
Nickelback.	Main Deck
Nicki Minaj.	Main Deck
Nicolas Cage.	Main Deck
Night, the scariest half of the day.	Scary Pack
Nine seasons of sexual tension with David Duchovny.	Sci-Fi Pack
Ninjas.	Family Edition
Nip slips.	Main Deck
Nippers.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Nipple blades.	Main Deck
Nipple play.	Out of Line
Nipples that shoot lasers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Nipples the size of CDs.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Nipples.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
No clothes on, penis in vagina.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
No longer being alive.	Card Lab
No longer finding any Cards Against Humanity card funny.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
No pants.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
No survivors.	PAX Prime 2014 - Panel Cards
Nobody giving a shit about anything anymore.	Main Deck
Nocturnal emissions.	Main Deck
Nonconsensual dentistry.	Out of Line
None of your damn business.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Nonsexual activiities, such as roller skating.	Absurd Box Expansion
NOOOOOOOOO!!!	First Expansion
Norwegian mansluts.	Everything Box Expansion
Not being a part of my son's life.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Not being able to shit on a foreign throne.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Not being allowed to capture the next man I see.	Bōks
Not being allowed to diarrhea all over Mommy.	Bōks
Not being allowed to swap brains with Kanye West.	Bōks
Not believing in giraffes.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Not believing in science.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Not breathing.	Family Edition
Not contributing to society in any meaningful way.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Not even knowing what's happening anymore.	Clam Pack
Not exercising.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
Not giving a shit about the Third World.	Main Deck
Not having a future to look forward to because the planet is dying.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Not having sex with a clam under any circumstances, no matter how sexy it looks.	Clam Pack
Not having sex.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Not inviting a homeless man into your house but he turns out to be a wizard.	Card Lab
Not knowing what to believe anymore about butter.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
Not paying for her abortion.	Out of Line
Not really meaning what I said last night and being so sorry about it.	Card Lab
Not reciprocating oral sex.	Main Deck
Not thinking about the children in cages.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Not vaccinating my children because I am stupid.	Main Deck
Not voting like a total piece of shit.	Out of Line
Not wearing pants.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Not wearing trousers.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Not wiping enough.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Nothing but sand.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Nothing.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Nubile slave boys.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Nuclear war.	Family Edition
Nuclear winter.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Nude-modding Super Mario World.	PAX Prime 2013
Nudes.	Card Lab
Nunchuck moves.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Nunchucks.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Obama.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Obesity.	Main Deck
Object permanence.	Main Deck
Objectifying women.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Oestrogen.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Offering sexual favors for an ore and a sheep.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
Offshore processing.	Main Deck
OH MY GOD WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Oil!	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Old beef.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Out of Line
Old Deuteronomy.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Old Jim's Steamy Butt Sauce.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Old Joe givin' those plums a nice squeeze.	Picture Card Pack 1
Old lesbians.	More Cards Against Humanity
Old man tits like half-empty socks.	Out of Line
Old people.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Old-people smell.	Main Deck
Older fitness gays.	Pride Pack
Ominous background music.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Oncoming traffic.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
One billion Cheez-Its.	Card Lab
One Direction's supple, hairless bodies.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
One long hair growing out of a mole.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
One of them big-city Jew lawyers.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
One of those "blow jobs" I've been hearing so much about.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
One of those FOX News bimbos.	Hot Box
One of those wacky inflatable tube guys.	Card Lab
One Ring to rule them all.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
One thousand paper cranes.	Card Lab
One thousand Slim Jims.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
One titty hanging out.	Main Deck
One tough mama.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
One trillion dollars.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
One unforgettable night of passion.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
One weird lookin' toe.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Onions.	Green Box Expansion
Only beans.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Only dating Asian women.	Card Lab; Main Deck
OnlyFans.com.	Everything Box Expansion
Oompa-Loompas.	Main Deck
Open sores.	Card Lab
Opening your mouth to talk and a big penis flops out.	Green Box Expansion
Opposable thumbs.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Oppressing minorities.	Out of Line
Oprah.	Main Deck
Oral.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Ordering a subordinate to cook a delicious meal for poor people.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to eat out Cousin Alex.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to engage in intercourse with my wife.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to euthanize Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to pee on Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to poop in front of a minotaur.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to poop in front of NBA superstar Nikola Jokic.	Bōks
Ordering a subordinate to teach Mandarin to some white lady.	Bōks
Oreos for dinner.	Food Pack
Organized religion.	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Osteoporosis.	Hot Box
Our adorable rescue dog who vomits everywhere and bites our friends.	Card Lab
Our baby.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Our dildo.	Main Deck
Our dumb asshole president.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Our Father, who art in Heaven.	Hot Box
Our first chimpanzee President.	Main Deck
Our first chimpanzee Prime Minister.	Main Deck
Our mutual friend Brad.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Our new Buffalo Chicken Dippers®!	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Out-of-control teenage blowjob parties.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Out-of-this-world bazongas.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Outback Steakhouse.	Family Edition
Outdated gender norms.	Absurd Box Expansion
Ovaries.	Hot Box
Over 10,000 Guatemalan migrants.	Main Deck
Overcoming poverty in inner-city Chicago.	Card Lab
Overcompensation.	Main Deck
Overpowering your father.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Oversharing.	Main Deck
Oversized lollipops.	Main Deck
Overthrowing the democratically-elected government of Chile.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Overthrowing the government.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Overturning Roe v. Wade.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Owing a lot of money to some very bad people.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Owls, the perfect predator.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Owning and operating a Chili's franchise.	Main Deck
Owning and operating a Red Rooster franchise.	Main Deck
Owning and operating a Tim Hortons franchise.	Main Deck
Oxytocin release via manual stimulation of the nipples.	Science Pack
P.F. Chang himself.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
P.F. Chang's fusion of casual and formal cuisine.	A.I. Pack
Pabst Blue Ribbon.	Main Deck
Pac-Man uncontrollably guzzling cum.	Main Deck
Packing my child's mouth with five dollar bills.	Card Lab
Paedophiles.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Painting with all the colors of the wind.	90s Nostalgia Pack
Pamela Anderson's boobs running in slow motion.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Panda Express.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Panda sex.	Main Deck
Pandora's vagina.	Box Expansion
Panic and confusion.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Panty raids.	First Expansion
Paris Hilton.	Main Deck
Participating.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Parting the Red Sea.	Main Deck
Party Mexicans.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Party poopers.	Main Deck
Partying with Jeffrey Epstein.	2024 Election Pack
Passable transvestites.	Main Deck
Passing a kidney stone.	Main Deck
Passing as gay.	Out of Line
Passing as white.	Everything Box Expansion
Passing fart and making toilet.	Reject Pack 3
Passing gas and scampering away!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Passive-aggression.	Main Deck
Passive-aggressive Post-it notes.	Main Deck
Pathetic, flabby glutes.	Hot Box
Patti Mayonnaise.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Paul Hollywood.	Main Deck
Pauline Hanson.	Main Deck
Paying $1,500 a month for a windowless basement studio.	Hot Box
Paying $216,000 for this NFT.	Picture Pack 3
Paying for sexual favors with Dogecoin.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Paying people to give a shit about politics.	2024 Election Pack
Paying the iron price.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
PCP.	Main Deck
Peanut Butter Jelly Time.	Main Deck
Peasants.	Hot Box
Pedophile Island.	Cultural Wars Pack
Pedophiles.	Main Deck
Pee, but purple.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Pee-pee.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Peeeeeeee!	Everything Box Expansion
Peeing a little bit.	Main Deck
Peeing in a bathroom.	Pride Pack
Peeing in my backpack.	Family Edition
Peeing in the cat's litter box.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Peeing in the shower.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Peeing into a girl's butt to make a baby.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Peeing into everyone's mouth.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Peeing on my poopy.	Family Edition
Peeing sand.	Family Edition
Peeling the penis apart like string cheese.	Card Lab
Peen rub.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Peer pressure.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Pegging my stepson.	Hot Box
Pelvic sorcery.	PAX Prime 2014 - Panel Cards
Penis breath.	Main Deck
Penis enlargement surgery.	Out of Line
Penis envy.	Main Deck
Penis for breakfast.	Card Lab
Penis having sex with ankle (inside is word)	Design Pack
People talking about Westworld when I haven't seen Westworld.	Card Lab
People who smell their own socks.	Main Deck
People with cake in their mouths talking about how good cake is.	2013 Holiday Pack; Five Cards That Have Nothing To Do With The Holidays
Perching on a skyscraper, waiting for crimes.	Card Lab
Performative wokeness.	College Pack
Performing open-heart surgery.	Out of Line
Performing the sex of the hand.	Red Box Expansion
Perfunctory foreplay.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Period globs.	Period Pack
Period poops.	Green Box Expansion
Permanent brain damage from football.	Everything Box Expansion
Permanent Orgasm-Face Disorder.	Main Deck
Person milk.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Personal growth.	Everything Box Expansion
Pete Davidson's awe-inspiring proboscis.	Bōks
Pete Davidson's scaly hands.	Bōks
Pete's glorious penis.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Peter, Augustus, Alonzo, or James.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Photosynthesis.	Science Pack
Picking my nose and eating it.	Family Edition
Picking up a glass of water and taking a sip and being the president.	Green Box Expansion
Picking up girls at the abortion clinic.	Main Deck
Pico de gallo.	Hot Box
Pictures of boobs.	Main Deck
Piece of shit Christmas cards with no money in them.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Seasons Greetings Pack
Pierre Poilievre.	Main Deck
Pig-lipped fascist fucks.	Card Lab
Pikies.	Main Deck
Piledriving my brother through the floor.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Pimpin'.	Out of Line
Pingers.	Main Deck
Pink eye.	Family Edition
pink letters on white background.	Design Pack
Pinkie Pie.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Pirate music.	Family Edition
Pissin' me paants.	Absurd Box Expansion
Pissin' me pants.	Card Lab
Pissing in my thirsty mouth.	Main Deck
Pistol-whipping a hostage.	First Expansion
Pixelated bukkake.	Main Deck
Pizza in the morning, pizza in the evening, pizza at supper time.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Pizza.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Placing second placein a dumb T-shirt contest.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Plastic.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Player tears.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Playing "Hot Cross Buns" on a recorder.	Hot Box
Playing an ocarina to summon Ultra-Congress from the sea.	Reject Pack
Playing chess with death.	Card Lab
Playing my asshole like a trumpet.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Playing one-handed.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Playing silly buggers.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Playing the cello like a gorilla having a stroke.	Everything Box Expansion
Playing trumpet for the mayor.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Playing whack-a-mole with the ban hammer.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Playing with my pussy while I watch TV.	Period Pack
Pleasure.	Card Lab
Plopping into the toilet with all my turd sisters.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Plowing that ass like a New England corn farmer.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Plugging a toaster into a mule's vagina and then beating her because it doesn't work.	Card Lab
PMSing.	Card Lab
Pointing out the logical fallacies in your argument.	Card Lab
Poison.	Family Edition
Police brutality.	Main Deck
Polish People.	Main Deck
Political correctness.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Politics.	Absurd Box Expansion; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Polyamory.	Card Lab; Out of Line
Poo-poo.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Pooping and then looking at the poop.	Ass Pack
Pooping as quietly as possible.	PAX Prime 2014 - Panel Cards
Pooping back and forth. Forever.	Main Deck
Pooping barf forever.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Pooping in a bag and lighting it on fire.	Family Edition
Pooping in a laptop and closing it.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Pooping in a leotard and hoping no one notices.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Pooping in the potty.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Pooping in the soup.	Main Deck
Pooping on the lawn and lighting it on fire and dancing around the flaming poop.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Pooping on the neighbor's lawn.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Pooping piss and pissing shit.	Out of Line
Pooping while running at full speed.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Poopy diapers.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Poor appetite and a lack of interest in everyday activities.	Hot Box; Out of Line
Poor life choices.	Main Deck
Poor people.	Main Deck
Poorly-timed Holocaust jokes.	Main Deck
Popped collars.	Main Deck
Poppers and lube.	Pride Pack
Poppin' that pussy.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Popping a penis pimple.	Card Lab
Pork products.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Pork.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Porn stars.	Main Deck
Portland hipsters rockin' the moose knuckle.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Portland.	Card Lab
Poseidon, Lord of the Sea.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Possibly a brownie or maybe a turd.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Post-apocalyptic bear-cockroaches.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Post-partum depression.	Period Pack
Posting my opinions on Facebook.	Picture Card Pack 1
Potato.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck
Poutine.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Poverty.	Main Deck
Powders and creams.	Card Lab
Power.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Powerful suction.	Card Lab
Powerful thighs.	Main Deck
Practical cats, dramatical cats, oratical cats, sceptical cats, romantical cats, parasitical cats, statistical cats, political cats, hypocritical cats, clerical cats, cynical cats, rabbinical cats.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to decapitate a Republican.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to flirt with Garfield.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to fuck a sexy vampire.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to kill my father.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to ride a wizard.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to shower praise upon the mayor of Grand Rapids, MI.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to sneeze on my father.	Bōks
Practicing daily so I'm 100% ready to subdue the man who murdered my father.	Bōks
Practicing eating ass on a bagel.	Hot Box
Practicing every day to eat Kanye West.	Bōks
Practicing every day to perform fellatio on an umpire.	Bōks
Practicing every day to shower praise upon Zendaya.	Bōks
Practicing every day to slap my assistant Brent.	Bōks
Practicing every day to tame an umpire.	Bōks
Practicing every day to teach Mandarin to Kanye West.	Bōks
Practicing every day to tightly embrace my boyfriend.	Bōks
Practicing every day to visit extreme violence upon Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Practicing kissing.	Family Edition
Prancing.	Main Deck
Praying the gay away.	Main Deck
Prematurely ejaculating like a total loser.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
PrEP.	Pride Pack
Preparing my asshole for sex.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Prescription pain killers.	Main Deck
Presenting your documents at a checkpoint.	Fascism Pack
President Donald Trump.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Preteens.	Main Deck
Pretending golf is fun.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Pretending that going to PAX is a job.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Pretending to be a dentist.	Main Deck
Pretending to be a Native American.	Cultural Wars Pack
Pretending to be black.	World Wide Web Pack
Pretending to be busy.	Hot Box
Pretending to be happy.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
Pretending to be one of the guys but actually being the spider god.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Pretending to be straight.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck
Pretending to care.	Main Deck
Pretending to have done the reading.	College Pack
Pretending to read while I secretly enjoy the sounds my son tinkling in the bathroom toilet.	Card Lab
Pretty Pretty Princess Dress-Up Board Game®.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Prince Ali, fabulous he, Ali Ababwa.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Principal Butthead.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Prison food.	Hot Box
Prison.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Privilege.	Cultural Wars Pack
Pro-life protesters.	Main Deck
Probably Grandma's last Christmas, kids.	Seasons Greetings Pack
Problematic depictions of Asian characters.	Theatre Pack
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel.	Hot Box
Profiting off the exploited labot of the working class.	Everything Box Expansion
Profound regret.	More Cards Against Humanity
Profound respect and appreciation for indigenous culture.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Progress.	Card Lab
Project 2025.	2024 Election Pack
Projectile vomiting marinara sauce.	Card Lab
Promising to do something and then not doing it.	Card Lab
Promoting democracy in the Middle East.	Everything Box Expansion
Pronouncing the names of northern Welsh towns.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Propping up Ruth Bader Ginsburg's corpse and moving her jaw up and down.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Prostate stimulation.	Main Deck
Prosti-tots.	Main Deck
Pseudointellectual centrist bullshit.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Pterodactyl eggs.	Main Deck
PTSD.	Main Deck
Puberty.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Public ridicule.	Main Deck
Pudgy Vin Diesel.	Card Lab
Pulling a shit-covered condom of Fentanyl out of a dead Slovenian's asshole.	Ass Pack
Pulling a sick, shit-covered raccoon out of the toilet and nursing it back to health.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Pulling a thirty-foot-long tapeworm out of my ass.	Out of Line
Pulling Grandpa's pants down and smacking his old butt.	Everything Box Expansion
Pulling out a never-ending tampon.	Period Pack
Pulling out.	Main Deck
Pulling that bitch's hair out.	Card Lab
Pulling the butt cheeks apart so the fart comes out quieter.	Absurd Box Expansion
Pulling the cheeks apart so the fart comes out quieter.	Card Lab
Pulverizing my prostate.	Hot Box
Pumping out a baby every nine months.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Punching a beehive.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Punching a clown right in the big pants.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Punching a congressman in the face.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack; Main Deck
Punching a guy through a wall.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Punching a tree to gather wood.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
Punching an MP in the face.	Main Deck
Punching everyone.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Punching my dad in the face and stealing his car.	Everything Box Expansion
Puns.	Dad Pack
Puppies!	Main Deck
Pure energy.	Card Lab
Pure Moods, Vol. 1.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Pus.	Scary Pack
Pushing a ham around in a stroller.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Pushing my boob up to lick the nipple.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Pussy Galore.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Pussy lips of all shapes and sizes.	Period Pack
Pussy that tastes better than artichokes but worse than spaghetti.	Hot Box
Pussy.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Putin.	Main Deck
Putting 22 marshmallows in my mouth.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Putting a bookmark in your pussy to remind where I left off.	Everything Box Expansion
Putting an apple in a little boy's mouth and roasting him for dinner.	Card Lab; Family Edition
Putting an entire peanut buter and jelly sandwich into the VCR.	Third Expansion
Putting an entire peanut butter and jelly sandwich into the VCR.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Putting children in cages.	Main Deck
Putting dirty dishes in the sink and hoping someone else deals with them.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Putting food on the table and also under the table for my floor family.	Card Lab
Putting more black people in jail.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Putting my brain into the body of a tiger.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Putting my butt on stuff.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Putting on 3D glasses over your regular glasses and getting a wicked headache.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Putting on a mask and a cape and going around punching people.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Putting peanut butter on one buttcheek and jelly on the other.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Putting the lotion on its skin.	Scary Pack
Putting the Pop-Tarts in the toaster like a self-respecting person.	Everything Box Expansion
Putting things where they go.	Main Deck
Quacking like a duck in lieu of a cogent argument.	Green Box Expansion
Quacking like a duck in lieu of a rational argument.	More Cards Against Humanity
Quality custom upholstery at unbeatable prices.	Everything Box Expansion
Quality, affordable menswear.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Quarterly performance reviews.	Hot Box
Quebec.	Main Deck
Queefing.	Main Deck
Queen Elizabeth's immaculate anus.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Quentin Tarantino's foot fetish.	Movie Night Box
Questioning authority.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Questioning my sexuality.	Hot Box
Queuing.	Main Deck
Quiche.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Quinoa.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Quitting.	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Quivering jowls.	First Expansion
Québec.	Main Deck
Rabies.	Blue Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Sixth Expansion
Racial profiling.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Racial slurs.	Hot Box
Racially-biased SAT questions.	Main Deck
Racism, sexism, and homophobia.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Racism.	Main Deck
Racist squirrels.	Card Lab
Radical Islamic terrorism.	Main Deck
Rage.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Raging hormones.	Card Lab
Rah, rah, ah, ah, ah, ro-ma, ro-ma ma. Gaga oh-la-la.	Card Lab
Raising $100,000 to cook a delicious meal for the cashier at Whole Foods.	Bōks
Raising $100,000 to exchange money for sex with my identical twin.	Bōks
Raising an army of whales to attack San Francisco.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Raising three kids on minimum wage.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Rampant misogyny and sexual harassment.	Theatre Pack
Rap music.	Main Deck
Rape culture.	Card Lab
Raping and pillaging.	Main Deck
Raptor attacks.	Main Deck
Rated-R stuff.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Ratzilla.	Family Edition
RAWR velociraptor.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Re-gifting.	Main Deck
Reaching an age where barbecue chips are better than sex.	Green Box Expansion
Reaching for a cop's gun.	Hot Box
Reaching the fabled, distant age of 30.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Reading an entire book.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
Reading my sister's diary.	Family Edition
Reading the comments.	PAX Prime 2013
Reading the entire End-User License Agreement.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Reading The Hobbit under the covers while mom and dad scream at each other downstairs.	Fantasy Pack
Real cheese flavor.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
Realizing Mom and Dad are now at an age where it wouldn't be that unusual for them to die.	Scary Pack
Really tall people.	Human Pack
Really wanting to slap Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Receiving anal pleasure at Burger King.	Everything Box Expansion
Receiving oral pleasure.	Hot Box
Reciting the Quran from memory.	Hot Box
Reconciling quantum theory with general relativity.	Science Pack
Reconstituted chicken paste.	Card Lab
Rectangles.	Main Deck
Referring to a mozzarella stick as a "bad boy."	Everything Box Expansion
Refusing to go up a size.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Refusing to pay federal or state income taxes.	Everything Box Expansion
Regret.	Picture Card Pack 2
Regulatory capture.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Regurgitating a half-digested sparrow.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
Rehab.	Main Deck
Rehabilitating an owl.	Card Lab
Releasing the falcons!	Family Edition
Remembering that Donald Trump was the president.	Everything Box Expansion
Reminding my daughter that she's fat.	Card Lab
Removing my penis and replacing it with an academy award.	Card Lab
Renouncing Christ.	Everything Box Expansion
Reparations for slavery.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Repeatedly coming out as bisexual.	Pride Pack
Replacing a man's stapler with an exact replica of a stapler.	Card Lab
Representing the entire black community.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Repression.	Main Deck
Reproducing asexually.	Hot Box
Republicans.	Main Deck
Resetting the goddamn router.	Hot Box
Resexualizing formerly desexualized Asian men.	More Cards Against Humanity
Resonating with the Earth's vibrational energy.	Everything Box Expansion
Respecting personal boundaries.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Respecting woman.	Absurd Box Expansion
Respecting women.	Card Lab
Restoring Germany to its former glory.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Resurrecting an army of six million Jews and conquering Germany.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Returning all money to its rightful owner, Jeff Bezos.	Everything Box Expansion
Revenge fucking.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Reverse cowgirl.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Reverse mermaids.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Ribs so good they transcend race and class.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Ribs, the food that's got BONES!	Everything Box Expansion
Rich people.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Riding a pegasus into the World Trade Center.	Card Lab
Riding off into the sunset.	Main Deck
Ring Pops.	Main Deck
Ringing out a sopping wet maxi pad into Donald Trump's mouth.	Period Pack
Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band.	Reject Pack 2
Rip Torn dropkicking anti-Semitic lesbians.	Main Deck
Ripping a dog in half.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Ripping ass at a PTA meeting.	Hot Box
Ripping into a man's chest and pulling out his still-beating heart.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Ripping off the Beatles.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Ripping open a man's chest and pulling out his still-beating heart.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Rising from the grave.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Rising sea levels consistent with scientific predictions.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
Rising to power on a wave of ethnic nationalism.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Ritualistic goat slaughter.	Card Lab
Road head.	Main Deck
Roaming through a wasteland of windblown trash and deserted highways.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Rob Ford.	Main Deck
Robbing a bank.	Family Edition
Robbing a sperm bank.	Main Deck
Robert Downey Jr.	Main Deck
RoboCop.	Main Deck
Robots who just want to party.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Rock music and premarital sex.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
Rock-hard tits and a huge vagina.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Rocking a 1.5 GPA.	College Pack
Rohypnol.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Roland the Farter, flatulist to the king.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Rolling a D20 to save a failing marriage.	PAX Prime 2013
Rolling a dead body up in a carpet.	Hot Box
Rolling so hard.	Green Box Expansion
Romance.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Ron DeSantis's barf-caked anus.	Bōks
Ron DeSantis's hairless thighs.	Bōks
Ron DeSantis's jizz-soaked breasts.	Bōks
Ron DeSantis's unremarkable pisshole.	Bōks
Ron DeSantis's unremarkable pooper.	Bōks
Ron DeSantis.	Hot Box
Ronald Reagan.	Main Deck
Roo fucking.	Main Deck
Roofies.	Main Deck
Rootin' around in some feller's ass.	Out of Line
Rotating shapes in mid-air so that they fit into other shapes when they fall.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
Roughhousing with teen boys in the shower.	Out of Line
Rounding up all the immigrants.	2024 Election Pack
Rounding up the Muslims.	Card Lab
Rubbing Boris Johnson's belly until he falls asleep.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Rubbing butter all over my body.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Rubbing chocolate pudding all over Bill Cosby's nipples.	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
Rubbing lotion on a hairless cat.	Family Edition
Rubbing my bush all over your bald head.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Rubbing my clit while my two ex-husbands suck each other's cocks.	Card Lab
Rubbing my clit with a handgun.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Rubbing one out before church.	Hot Box
Rubbing sage all over my butt cancer.	Ass Pack
Rudolph's bright red balls.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Rudy Giuliani.	Everything Box Expansion
Ruining an entire genre of moustaches.	Fascism Pack
Ruining my asshole with superglue.	Ass Pack
Ruining Thanksgiving.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Rum Tum Tugger.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Runining an entire genre of moustaches.	Fascism Pack
Running a child sex trafficking ring out of a pizzeria.	Main Deck
Running a few errands before saving the galaxy.	Mass Effect Pack
Running a marathon because oooooh look at me!	Everything Box Expansion
Running afoul of the sultan's Janissaries.	Card Lab; Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive); Reject Pack 3
Running away from home.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Running for president to avoid going to jail.	2024 Election Pack
Running full speed into a wall.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Running my tongue all the way from your forehead to your asshole in one long, creepy stroke.	Everything Box Expansion
Running naked through a mall, pissing and shitting everywhere.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Running out of blood.	Card Lab
Running out of semen.	Main Deck
Running out of stamina.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack A
Running through a car wash naked.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
RuPaul.	Everything Box Expansion
Rupert Murdoch's hairy pooper.	Bōks
Rupert Murdoch's muscular butt hair.	Bōks
Rupert Murdoch's nasty-ass cornhole.	Bōks
Rupert Murdoch's overwhelming feet.	Bōks
Rupert Murdoch.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Rush Limbaugh's soft, shitty body.	Main Deck
Russia.	Main Deck
Russian hackers.	Card Lab
Russian propaganda.	Everything Box Expansion
Russian roulette.	Hot Box
Russian super-tuberculosis.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Ruth Bader Ginsberg brutally graveling your penis.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Ruth Bader Ginsburg brutally gaveling your penis.	Main Deck
Ryan Gosling riding in on a white horse.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Ryanair.	Main Deck
Sacrificing Isaac to the Lord.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Sacrificing Uncle Tim.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Sadness.	Family Edition
Salad.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Salmon.	Family Edition
Salsa Night at Dave's Cantina.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Salvation.	Main Deck
Salvia.	First Expansion
Same-sex ice dancing.	Main Deck
Samuel L. Jackson.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Sand everywhere.	Card Lab
Sanding off a man's nose.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Sandwich.	Absurd Box Expansion; Reject Pack 2
Santa Claus.	Family Edition; First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Santa laying a softball-sized egg under the Christmas tree and going back up the chimney.	Hot Box
Santa's heavy sack.	2012 Holiday Pack
Sarah MendiYOLO.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Sarah Palin.	Main Deck
Satan.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Satisfying my wife.	Card Lab
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman.	Everything Box Expansion
Saudi oil money.	Main Deck
Savagely beating a mascot.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Saving 20% or more on khakis.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Saving the Rainforest Cafe.	Reject Pack 2
Saving up my boogers for ten years and then building the world's largest booger.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Saxophone solos.	Main Deck
Saying "fuck it" and stepping off a cliff.	Everything Box Expansion
Saying "I love you."	Main Deck
Saying "please" and "thank you."	Out of Line
Saying "what's that?" And then stealing a french fry.	Human Pack
Saying everything is fine when everything is clearly not fine.	Main Deck
Saying everything is okay when everything is clearly not okay.	Main Deck
Saying grace before sex.	Everything Box Expansion
Saying mean stuff and making people feel bad.	Family Edition
Saying one thing and then doing another thing.	Card Lab
Saying something problematic.	More Cards Against Humanity
Saying the n-word.	Card Lab
Saying the word "blockchain" a lot to sound smart.	Hot Box
Scalping the Milkybar Kid.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Scalping.	Main Deck
Scanning a QR code to learn more about how Home Depot is celebrating LGBTQ voices.	Cultural Wars Pack
Scared little white boys.	Hot Box
Schindler's List.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Schlepping through life one forgettable day after another.	Hot Box
Schmirler the Curler.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
School.	Family Edition
Science.	Family Edition; Main Deck
Scientology.	Main Deck
Scissoring, if that's a thing.	Green Box Expansion
Scooby Doo.	Hot Box
Scottish independence.	Main Deck
Scousers.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Scratching my butt and sniffing my fingers.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Screaming "there's a hawk up my ass!"	A.I. Pack
Screaming and screaming and never waking up.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Screaming at birds.	Family Edition
Screaming into a can of Pringles.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Screaming like a maniac.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Screaming the F-word.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Screaming the Pledge of Allegiance.	Out of Line
Scrimshaw, the art of bone carving.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
Scrooge McDuck's scientifically accurate corkscrew phallus.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Scrotal frostbite.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Scrotum tickling.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Scrubbing under the folds.	Main Deck
Sculpting an army of terra cotta MILFs to tug me off in the afterlife.	Out of Line
Sean Connery.	Main Deck
Sean Hannity's alien dingus.	Bōks
Sean Hannity's alien goat body.	Bōks
Sean Hannity's phenomenal nipples.	Bōks
Sean Hannity's shit-covered boobs.	Bōks
Sean Hannity's shitty cloaca.	Bōks
Sean Penn.	Main Deck
Sean-Hannity's mind-boggling boobs.	Bōks
Secret CIA moon prisons.	A.I. Pack
Secretly pissing behind the couch every day.	Pussy Pack
Seduction.	Main Deck
Seeing Grandma naked.	Main Deck
Seeing Granny naked.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Seeing my father cry.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Seeing my village burned and my family slaughtered before my eyes.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Seeing things from Hitler's perspective.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Seeing what happens when you lock people in a room with hungry seagulls.	Main Deck
Seething with quiet resentment.	Main Deck
Segregation.	Hot Box
Seizing control of the means of production.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Self-flagellation.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Self-identifying as a DJ.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Self-loathing.	Main Deck
Selling crack to children.	Main Deck
Selling ice to children.	Main Deck
Selling meth to children.	Main Deck
Selling PAX memorabilia on eBay.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Selling the Great Lakes to Nestlé.	Main Deck
Selling weapons to Iran.	Main Deck
Sending urgent funds to the Crown Prince of Nigeria.	Picture Card Pack 1
Separate drinking fountains for dark elves.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2014
Seppuku.	Main Deck
September 11th, 2001.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Ser Jorah Mormont's cerulean-blue balls.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2014
Ser Jorah Mormonts cerulean-blue balls.	PAX East 2014
Serfdom.	Main Deck
Serving a man his own testicles on a sizzling fajita platter.	Scary Pack
Setting a dog on fire and watching it die.	Pussy Pack
Setting boundaries with co-workers.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Setting my balls on fire and cartwheeling to Ohio.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Seven dead and three in critical condition.	Main Deck
Seventy-three identical squirrels.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Several intertwining love stories featuring Hugh Grant.	2012 Holiday Pack
Several Michael Keaton's.	90s Expansion Pack
Several Michael Keatons.	90s Nostalgia Pack
Severe brain damage.	Card Lab
Sewing our ballsacks together.	Hot Box
Sewing two hamsters together to make a Double Hamster Supreme.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Sex offending.	Card Lab
Sex right next to the dog.	Hot Box
Sex tonight.	Card Lab
Sex tourism.	Card Lab
Sex with animals.	Main Deck
Sex with Patrick Stewart.	Main Deck
Sexting.	Main Deck
Sexual cannibalism.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Sexual humiliation.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Sexual intercourse.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Sexual peeing.	Main Deck
Sexual tension.	Main Deck
Sexually active band geeks.	Main Deck
Sexy boy.	Card Lab
Sexy intern mud wrestling.	Out of Line
Sexy pillow fights.	Main Deck
Sexy secrets.	Card Lab
Sexy Siamese twins.	First Expansion
Sexy stinky werewolf boys.	Everything Box Expansion
Sexy.	Card Lab
Seymour Butts.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Shaft.	First Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Shaking a baby until it stops crying.	Main Deck
SHAME!	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Shameless hypocrisy.	Cultural Wars Pack
Shamelessly pandering to the lowest common denominator.	Movie Night Box
Shane Warne.	Main Deck
Shapes and colors.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Shapeshifters.	Main Deck
Shaquille O'Neal's acting career.	Main Deck
Sharing a bed with brother.	Card Lab
Sharing needles.	Main Deck
Sharkisha.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Sharks with legs.	Blue Box Expansion; Family Edition; Fourth Expansion
Sharks.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Sharpening a foam broadsword on a foam whetstone.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
Shattered hopes and dreams.	Everything Box Expansion
Shaving Dad's back.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Shaving my eyebrows off with a cheese grater.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Sheet-pan coriander chicken with caramelized brussel sprouts.	Hot Box
Shimbleshanks.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Shiny gadgets for sadness distraction.	Card Lab; Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Shiny objects.	Main Deck
Shipping a fish brick to Ohio.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
Shipping convicts to Australia.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Shirtless firemen.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Shit.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Shitfuckery.	Main Deck
Shittin' me britches.	Everything Box Expansion
Shitting all over the floor like a bad, bad girl.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Shitting dick nipples.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Shitting in a wizard's spell book and jizzing in his hat.	Fantasy Pack
Shitting into a Coinstar machine.	Everything Box Expansion
Shitting into a pelican's mouth.	Hot Box
Shitting on my tits.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Shitting out a hot stack of pancakes and a pat of butter.	Ass Pack
Shitting out a perfect Cumberland sausage.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Shitting out a screaming face.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Shitting out part of a turd, sucking it back in, and shitting it back out over and over so you're basically fucking yourself with your own shit.	Everything Box Expansion
Shitting perfectly into a hot dog bun.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Shitting with the door open.	Hot Box
Shooting a wizard with a gun.	Fantasy Pack
Shooting nonviolent protestors.	Card Lab
Shooting semen out of my penis.	Card Lab
Shooting up a school.	Out of Line
Shoplifiting.	Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Shoplifting.	Family Edition; Hot Box
Short shorts.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Shorties and blunts.	Main Deck
SHOTS SHOTS, SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS! (Everybodddy!)	Out of Line
Shouting "FUCK THE POLICE!"	Hot Box
Shouting "Yee haw!"	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Shouting the loudest.	Vote For Trump Pack
Shoving a big flaming zucchini up my ass.	Card Lab
Shoving a fork into a power outlet.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Shoving something, like literally anything, into my anus.	Hot Box
Showering praise upon the Sultan's hideous daughters.	Green Box Expansion
Showing all the boys my pussy.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Showing Barack Obama how to decapitate Robin Thicke.	Bōks
Showing Barack Obama how to kidnap my boyfriend.	Bōks
Showing deference to the King of Thailand.	Everything Box Expansion
Showing everyone my butt.	Family Edition
Showing everyone my lil' dumper.	Ass Pack
Showing everyone on social media that I have a fun and interesting life.	Card Lab
Showing hole.	Out of Line
Showing up to an orgy for the food.	Main Deck
Shrek.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Shucking corn with the fellas.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Shutting the fuck up.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Shutting up so I can watch the game.	Main Deck
Shutting up so I can watch the match.	Main Deck
Shutting up.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Sideboob.	Main Deck
Silence.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Sipping artificial popcorn butter.	Main Deck
Sipping kombucha like a smug piece of shit.	Main Deck
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Sir Mix-a-lot.	Ass Pack
Sir Thomas Crapper, inventor of the toilet.	Ass Pack
Sir Thomas More's Fruitopia™.	Reject Pack 2
Sitting atop a pile of tuna, like some kind of tuna queen.	Family Edition; Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive)
Sitting in a hole.	Card Lab
Sitting in a jar of vinegar all night because I am gherkin.	Main Deck
Sitting in a jar of vinegar all night because I am pickle.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G.	Card Lab
Sitting in the back of the plane, smoking a cigar and reading the Flickr privacy policy.	A.I. Pack
Sitting in the same chair for 35 years.	Card Lab
Sitting on a cake.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Sitting on a dick and sipping green tea.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Sitting on my face and telling me I'm garbage.	Main Deck
Sitting on my face.	Main Deck
Sitting on the toilet and going poop.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Sitting on the toilet for 45 minutes.	Dad Pack
SIX GOD DAMN HOURS OF FUCKING DIPLOMACY.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
Skeletor.	Main Deck
Skinny white boys.	Out of Line
Skippy the Bush Kangaroo.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Skulls and spiderwebs and shit.	Scary Pack
Slamming a dunk.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Slappin' dat pussaaayyyyyy!	Everything Box Expansion
Slapping a biscuit out of an orphan's mouth.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Slapping a racist old lady.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Slapping my huge belly.	Family Edition
Slapping Nigel Farage over and over.	Main Deck
Slapping Ted Cruz over and over.	Vote For Hillary Pack
Slapping that butt.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Slapping your knees to signal your imminent departure.	Main Deck
Slappy Spatchy, the game where you slap each other with spatulas. Learn more at www.SlappySpatchy.com.	Family Edition
Slaughtering a peaceful race of aliens.	Card Lab
Slaughtering innocent civilians.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Slavery.	Absurd Box Expansion
Slaves.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Slavs.	Main Deck
Slender toes begging to be sucked.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Slicing a ham in icy silence.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Slipping into something more comfortable.	Hot Box
Sloth card.	Hawaii 2 Safe Cards
Slow internet.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Slow motion.	First Expansion
Slowly being poisoned.	Card Lab
Slowly easing down onto a cucumber.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Slowly evaporating.	Science Pack
Slowly getting my pussy all the way around Howie Mandel's head.	Hot Box
Slowly releasing a fart over the course of two minutes.	Card Lab
Slowly releasing a huge fart over the course of two minutes.	Absurd Box Expansion
Slowly shaking my head at a sad statistic.	Card Lab; Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Slowly turning into cheese.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Slurping my girl's curtains.	Out of Line
Slut-shaming.	Everything Box Expansion
Sluts, whores and bitches.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Sluts.	More Cards Against Humanity
Slutting it up.	Out of Line
Small plates, or tapas if you will.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Small-town cops with M-4 assault rifles.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
Smallpox blankets.	Main Deck
Smash Mouth.	World Wide Web Pack
Smashing all the pottery in a Pottery Barn in search of rupees.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Smashing my balls at the moment of climax.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Smashing my doodies through a cheese grater.	Card Lab
Smashing the patriarchy.	Family Edition
Smashmeat.	Card Lab
Smearing feces on the walls.	Everything Box Expansion
Smegma.	Main Deck
Smelling her hair while she sleeps.	Card Lab
Smelling like onions.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Smelling of cum.	Main Deck
Smokin' a joint, eatin' some cat food, and watchin' Law & Order SVU.	Everything Box Expansion
Smoking a blunt butt-ass naked.	Weed Pack
Smoking a joint with former President Barack Obama.	Weed Pack
Smoking crack, for instance.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Smooshing a doodie through a screen door.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Snakes.	Family Edition
Sneaking 700 steamed clams into a movie theater.	Clam Pack
Sneezing barf out of my butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Sneezing, farting, and coming at the same time.	Third Expansion
Sneezing, farting, and cumming at the same time.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
SNES cartridge cleaning fluid.	PAX Prime 2013
Sniffing a dog's butt.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Sniffing and kissing my feet.	Main Deck
Sniffing glue.	Main Deck
Snoop Dogg.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Weed Pack
Snorting coke off a clown's boner.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Snot bubbles.	Family Edition
Snot rockets.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Snotsicles.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Snow falling gently on the frozen body of an orphan boy.	Seasons Greetings Pack
Sobbing into a Hungry-Man™ Frozen Dinner.	Main Deck
Sobbing uncontrollably.	Card Lab
Social justice warriors with flamethrowers of compassion.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Social media.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Socialism.	Everything Box Expansion
Society finally acknowledging the human need to capture my lesbian neighbor.	Bōks
Society finally acknowledging the human need to cook a delicious meal for the cashier at Whole Foods.	Bōks
Society finally acknowledging the human need to ride NBA superstar Nikola Jokic.	Bōks
Society finally acknowledging the human need to swap brains with the mayor of Grand Rapids, MI.	Bōks
Socks.	2012 Holiday Pack; Seasons Greetings Pack
Sodium benzoate (to preserve freshness).	Clam Pack
Soft, kissy missionary sex.	Main Deck
Soiling oneself.	Main Deck
Solitary confinement.	Hot Box
Solving problems with violence.	Main Deck
Somali pirates.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Some asshole that bellows "please, I don't want to die" upon request.	Bōks
Some asshole that hollers "Death to America!" and then dies.	Bōks
Some asshole that hollers "hoo boy" when provoked.	Bōks
Some asshole that howls "kick me" and then dies.	Bōks
Some asshole that roars "HOOCHIE MAMA!" into the night.	Bōks
Some asshole that yells "kill all the liars" when provoked.	Bōks
Some bitch who loves pineapple.	Main Deck
Some bloody peace and quiet.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Some conservative dipshit I did anal with at a Dave & Buster's.	Bōks
Some conservative dipshit who ate my ass on TikTok.	Bōks
Some conservative dipshit who sucked my toes for $10,000.	Bōks
Some conservative dipshit whose husband I killed every night for 10 years.	Bōks
Some cracker ass motherfucker.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Some dipshit that hisses "ay, caramba!" during sex.	Bōks
Some dipshit that says "Death to America!" on your birthday.	Bōks
Some dipshit that yells "hello, boys" and then kills the President.	Bōks
Some douche with an acoustic guitar.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Some douchebag that bellows "what the fuck are you doing" during sex.	Bōks
Some douchebag that hollers "kick me" and then kills the President.	Bōks
Some douchebag that howls "math is hard" into the night.	Bōks
Some douchebag that howls "where has all the time gone?" when provoked.	Bōks
Some douchebag that mutters "HOOCHIE MAMA!" when caressed.	Bōks
Some douchebag that mutters "THIS SOUP IS TERRIBLE!" all the time.	Bōks
Some dumb idiot who fucked my husband inside the gorilla enclosure at the zoo.	Bōks
Some foundation, mascara, and a touch of blush.	Main Deck
Some freakin' privacy.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Some god damn peace and quiet.	Main Deck
Some guy I ate out in 1997.	Bōks
Some guy I ate poop with at Coachella.	Bōks
Some guy I farted on for 24 hours straight.	Bōks
Some guy I fingered to serve as a distraction during an elaborate casino heist.	Bōks
Some guy named "James Bond" who ate my poop back in the 60s.	Bōks
Some guy named "James Bond" who got me pregnant for fun.	Bōks
Some guy who fucked my ass in front of a live studio audience.	Bōks
Some guy who knocked up my daughter back in 'Nam.	Bōks
Some guy whose son I killed in an empty swimming pool.	Bōks
Some guy.	Main Deck
Some kind of astronaut with quite a pussy.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of bird man.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Some kind of CEO with a smooth dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of concentrated encampment for people.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Some kind of congressman with a glistening cock.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of cop with a hairy dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of dad with a tremendous scrotum.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of dragon with a creamy twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of god with a surprising large asshole.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of hunk with a shit-covered dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of mayonnaise baptism.	Clam Pack
Some kind of milkman with a crappy dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of milkman with a tiny, upsetting penis.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of moose-lobster hybrid.	Hot Box
Some kind of mutated shrimp that can suck dick like a pro.	A.I. Pack
Some kind of nacho goblin that follows me around asking for nachos.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Some kind of nurse with a creamy taint.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of phenomenon.	Card Lab
Some kind of psychosexual David Lynch situation.	Movie Night Box
Some kind of rabbi with a beautiful erection.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of Rabbi with history's greatest dingus.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some kind of woman with a sopping wet clitoris.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Some light choking.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Some of that good dick.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Some of the best rappers in the game.	Main Deck
Some piece-of-shit birdhouse my kid made.	Everything Box Expansion
Some Puerto Ricans.	Out of Line
Some punk kid who stole my turkey sandwich.	Main Deck
Some racist-ass shit.	World Wide Web Pack
Some real spicy shramps.	Main Deck
Some real spicy shrimps.	Green Box Expansion
Some really cool rocks I found.	Hot Box
Some really fucked-up shit.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Some shit-hot guitar licks.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Some sort of alien lobster handjob contest.	Everything Box Expansion
Some sort of Asian.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Some sort of unstoppable poo gun.	A.I. Pack
Some stinky woman who lives in the sea.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Some weird guy.	Family Edition
Some white dude that hollers "please, let me out of this basement" and then dies.	Bōks
Some white dude that howls Bible passages forever.	Bōks
Some white dude that moans "hoo boy" to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
Some white dude that roars "dominate me" and then kills the President.	Bōks
Some white dude that roars the Pledge of Allegiance to Kamala Harris.	Bōks
Some white dude that says "kill me" every day.	Bōks
Some white dude that says "please, I don't want to die" and then dies.	Bōks
Some white dude that yells "you can't handle the truth!" all the time.	Bōks
Some white guy I diarrhead on back in 'Nam.	Bōks
Some white guy I got pregnant in front of a live studio audience.	Bōks
Some white guy I pissed on atop a moving train.	Bōks
Some white guy who drank my piss at a Panda Express.	Bōks
Some white lady dying, who cares.	Picture Pack 3
Some Yoda-lookin' bitch.	Hot Box
Somehow having sex with a car.	Out of Line
Somehow looking sexier without teeth.	Hot Box
Something called 'sexual misconduct.'	Card Lab
Something really funny but I can't remember.	Card Lab
Something that looks like a box but turns out to be a crate.	Box Expansion
Something... brown?	Hot Box
Songs about getting ready to have sex.	Card Lab
Sorcery.	Red Box Expansion
Sorry, this content cannot be viewed in your region.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Sorting by price, low to high.	Hot Box
Soulgasming.	Picture Card Pack 2
Sound fiscal policy.	Vote For Trump Pack
Sound of fiscal policy.	Vote For Trump Pack
Soup that is too hot.	Main Deck
Soup that's better than pussy.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
Soup.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Sour cream and onions.	Card Lab
Soviet moose tranquilizer.	Out of Line
Space Jam on VHS.	2012 Holiday Pack
Space lasers.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Space muffins.	First Expansion
Space racism.	Mass Effect Pack
Spag bol? Again?	Main Deck
Spaghetti night at Dad's place.	Card Lab
Spaghetti? Again?	Main Deck
Spaniards.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Spankin' my kids, beatin' my wife, and hatin' Mexicans!	Hot Box
Spanx, a wig, and all new teeth.	Card Lab
Spawning sheep.	Family Edition
Speaking in iambic pentameter.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Special musical guest, Cher.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Special musical guest, Lizzo.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Spectacular abs.	Main Deck
Spending 8 years in the Himalayas becoming a master of dice-rolling and resource allocation.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
Spending four days in an opium haze.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Spending lots of money.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Spending my parent's hard-earned money.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Spending the year's insulin budget on Warhammer 40k figurines.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
Spending way too long picking a restaurant.	Everything Box Expansion
Sperm whales.	Main Deck
Spider-Man laying thousands of eggs inside Kirsten Dunst.	Card Lab
Spider-Man.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Spiders.	Family Edition
Spinning and barfing.	Family Edition
Spinning your dick around like a helicopter.	Card Lab
Spirit Airlines.	Main Deck
Spit.	Family Edition
Sponsored content.	Everything Box Expansion
Spontaneous human combustion.	Main Deck
Sports.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Spring break!	Second Expansion
Sprinting alongside a moving train to confess undying devotion to Sylvia, a German woman who was only here for the summer.	Card Lab
Square dancing with other racists.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Squealing like a pig.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Squeezing a lemon into my eye.	Family Edition
Squeezing an egg out of my bird pussy.	Everything Box Expansion
Squeezing the contents of a burrito into my butthole.	Card Lab
Squirting.	Main Deck
Squirty cheese.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Stabbing a motherfucker in the face.	Everything Box Expansion
Stabbing the shit out of a Capri Sun.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Staging a coup.	Everything Box Expansion
Stairs.	A.I. Pack
Stalin.	Main Deck
Standing in the middle of the living room holding two remote controls.	Dad Pack
Stank breath.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Stapling a butterfly to a cow.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Staring at a painting and going "hmmf..."	Card Lab
Staring at a painting and going "hmmmmmm..."	Red Box Expansion
Staring at a painting and going "hmmmmmmm..."	Main Deck
Staring directly into the sun.	Hot Box
Staring into each other's eyes and cumming at the same time.	Card Lab
Starting a cult where I get to have sex with whoever I want and nobody else can have sex.	Out of Line
Starting a GoFundMe to euthanize NBA superstar Nikola Jokic.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to hypnotize an umpire.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to murder my father.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to perform a mating display for a minotaur.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to perform fellatio on a man.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to sexually arouse Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to teach Mandarin to a horse.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to tightly embrace a wizard.	Bōks
Starting a GoFundMe to verbally humiliate that guy over there.	Bōks
Starting a multi-billion dollar company called Facebook.	Card Lab
Starting a shitty podcast.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Starting a small business.	Card Lab
Starting to be cool about gay people.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Starting to see where ISIS is coming from.	Seasons Greetings Pack
Statistically validated stereotypes.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Staying hydrated.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Stealing a child's nose and keeping it forever.	Dad Pack
Stealing a police car.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Stealing all the plates from an Airbnb.	Hot Box
Stealing an election.	Hot Box
Stealing money from old people.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Stealing people's knee caps.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Stealing people's money and going to jail.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Stealing the Declaration of Independence.	Card Lab
Stealing your dead clone's shit.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Steamy gay sex with a garbage man.	Card Lab
Stephen Harper.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Stephen Hawking talking dirty.	Main Deck
Stepping on a god damn friggin' LEGO.	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
Steve Bannon.	Main Deck
Steve Irwin.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Steven Universe.	Family Edition
Sticking a tube up a cow's ass to collect its mayonnaise.	Clam Pack
Sticking my hard rat dick in my girlfiend's wet rat pussy.	Absurd Box Expansion
Sticking my hard rat dick in my girlfriend's wet rat pussy.	Card Lab
Stifling a giggle at the mention of Hutus and Tutsis.	Main Deck
Still being a virgin.	Main Deck
Stinking like shit.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Stinking up the whole car.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Stinky Martha, the superhero that nobody likes.	Family Edition
Stockholm Syndrome.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Stoking ethnic tensions.	Card Lab
Stompin' around, humpin' and dumpin'.	Everything Box Expansion
Stop! Name that lolita dress.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Storing a bunch of acorns in my pussy.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Storming the Capitol, planting pipe bombs, and trying to lynch the Vice President.	2024 Election Pack
Stormtroopers.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
Straight blazin' 24/7.	Green Box Expansion
Straight up fucking loving authority.	Fascism Pack
Stranger danger.	Main Deck
Strangling a dog to make a point to the audience.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
Straya.	Main Deck
Strong female characters.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Struggling to swallow a live bat.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Studying every night to cook a delicious meal for my landlady.	Bōks
Studying every night to kill a sexy vampire.	Bōks
Studying every night to shower praise upon Toucan Sam.	Bōks
Studying for years to be killed by Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
Studying for years to pee on Bernie Sanders.	Bōks
Studying for years to verbally humiliate every resident of Marietta, OH.	Bōks
Studying for years to visit extreme violence upon two pandas at the zoo.	Bōks
Stuff.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Stuffing a child's face with Fun Dip® until he starts having fun.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Stuffing my balls into a Sega Genesis and pressing the power button.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2014
Stuffing my peehole with Tic Tacs.	Main Deck
Stuffing my pussy with garter snakes.	Card Lab
Stuffing my underwear with pancakes.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Stuffing Tucker Carlson in the microwave and pressing "potato."	Cultural Wars Pack
Stunt doubles.	Main Deck
Stupid.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Sturdy Bulgarian women.	Everything Box Expansion
Subduing a grizzly bear and making her your wife.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Submitting to government authority.	Card Lab
Subsisting on tiny pizzas.	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
Substitute teachers.	Main Deck
Substituting sweet potato fries for $2.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Subtext.	Movie Night Box
Subtle, unconscious racism.	Card Lab
Successfully having sex with a car.	Card Lab
Such a big boy.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Suckin' on some sweet teen peen.	Out of Line
Sucking a flaccid penis for 20 minutes.	College Pack
Sucking a man's dick so hard his skull implodes.	Out of Line
Sucking all the milk out of a yak.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Sucking all the oil out of the planet and fucking off to Mars.	Human Pack
Sucking and fucking.	Hot Box
Sucking at guitar.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Sucking at life.	Family Edition
Sucking down thousands of pounds of krill every day.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack B (Coconut)
Sucking each other's penises for hours on end.	Green Box Expansion
Sucking period clumps through a boba straw.	Everything Box Expansion
Sucking some dicks to not get drafted.	Main Deck
Sucking the caviar straight out of a fish's pussy.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Sucking the farts out of a cow's butthole.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Sucking the president's dick.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Sudden and unwanted slam poetry.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Sudden penis loss.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Sudden Poop Explosion Disease.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Suddenly falling asleep.	Card Lab
Suddenly feeling really sad for 40 years.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Suddenly remembering that the Holocaust happened.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Sugar madness.	Fourth Expansion
Suicidal thoughts.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Suicide bombers.	Card Lab; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Summoning Harold Holt from the sea in a time of great need.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Sunning my gooch.	Hot Box
Sunny D! Alright!	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Sunshine and rainbows.	Main Deck
Super yoga.	Reject Pack
Suplexing a jabroni in the PAX Rumble.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Supporting a woman's right to choose incredible savings by switching to Geico.	Card Lab
Supporting small businesses.	More Cards Against Humanity
Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh's glorious foreskin.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh's gnarled spider eyes.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh's unremarkable labia.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's cancer-ridden fuckhole.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's revolting sex island.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's slime-coated nipples.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's soft, mushy proboscis.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's terrible penis.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's terrifying butthole.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas's upsettingly large feet.	Bōks
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Surprise sex!	Main Deck
Survivor's guilt.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Suspicious white powder.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Swag.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Swallowing an unopend can of beer.	Everything Box Expansion
Swamp arse.	Main Deck
Swamp ass.	Main Deck
Swamp dick.	Picture Pack 3
Swapping bodies with mom for a day.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
Sweating it out on the streets of a runaway American Dream.	Reject Pack 2
Swedes.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Sweeping generalizations about Millennials.	Card Lab
Sweet Baby Ray's.	Card Lab
Sweet plump yellow melons.	Card Lab
Sweet, sweet vengeance.	Main Deck
Swiftly achieving orgasm.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Swishing the wine around and sniffing it like a big fancy man.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
Switching to Geico®.	Main Deck
Swooping.	Main Deck
Swordplay.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Swords.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Synergistic management solutions.	Main Deck
Synthetic marijuana from a gas station.	Hot Box
Syphilis.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Syphilitic insanity.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Syrupy sex with a maple tree.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Systems and policies designed to preserve centuries-old power structures.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Tables.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Take-backsies.	Main Deck
Taking 2d6 emotional damage.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2014
Taking a big dump on the American flag.	Out of Line
Taking a blurry photo of my penis on my Motorola Razr.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Taking a break from social media for a while.	Card Lab
Taking a dump in the pool.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Taking a dump on the teacher's desk.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Taking a dump.	Absurd Box Expansion
Taking a huge dump all over the Constitution.	2024 Election Pack
Taking a man's eyes and balls out and putting his eyes where his balls go and then his balls in the eye holes.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Taking a minute to really unpack what Shakespeare is getting at in this scene.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Taking a nap, and then taking another nap.	Everything Box Expansion
Taking a selfie.	Family Edition
Taking a sheep-wife.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Taking a shit while running at full speed.	World Wide Web Pack
Taking a year off to study Japanese puppet theatre.	Theatre Pack
Taking down Santa with a surface-to-air missile.	2012 Holiday Pack
Taking forever to cum.	Everything Box Expansion
Taking off my glasses and becoming beautiful.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Taking off your shirt.	Main Deck
Taking out my eyeballs.	Family Edition
Taking Samantha to the prom as a prank and then falling in love with her.	Card Lab
Taking shrooms with this guy.	Picture Card Pack 2
Taking the form of a falcon.	Green Box Expansion
Taking the hobbits to Isengard.	Main Deck
TALKING REALLY LOUD.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Talking to my sister's dolls about life problems.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Talking, laughing, loving, breathing, fighting, fucking, crying, drinking, riding, winning, losing, cheating, kissing, thinking, dreaming.	Pride Pack
Tangled Slinkys.	Main Deck
Tap dancing like there's no tomorrow.	Main Deck
Tapping Serra Angel.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
Tar.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Tasteful sideboob.	Main Deck
Tasty yum-yums for my face hole.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Tattooing my balls blue and yellow in solidarity with Ukraine.	Cultural Wars Pack
Tax evasion.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Taxation without representation.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Taylor Swift.	Main Deck
Teaching a chicken to kill.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Teaching a girl how to handjob the penis.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Teaching a gorilla how to take a dick pic.	Out of Line
Teaching a robot to love.	Main Deck
Teaching my daughter to verbally humiliate Vladimir Putin.	Bōks
Teaching my son to kidnap the mayor of Grand Rapids, MI.	Bōks
Teaching my son to love the Red Sox and hate minorities.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Teaching my son to swap brains with an umpire.	Bōks
Team building exercises.	Main Deck
Tearing that ass up like wrapping paper on Christmas morning.	Main Deck
Tears, pain, death, and destruction.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Tech bros.	Main Deck
Technology brothers.	Card Lab
Ted Cruz's gnarled penis.	Bōks
Ted Cruz's gnarled sphincter.	Bōks
Ted Cruz's old wrinkly dong.	Bōks
Ted Cruz's rancid cornhole.	Bōks
Ted Cruz's weirdly small holes.	Bōks
Ted Cruz.	Picture Card Pack 1
Teenage pregnancy.	Main Deck
Teeny, tiny turds.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Telling a crap story that goes nowhere.	Main Deck
Telling a shitty story that goes nowhere.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Telling Heather she can't pull off that top.	Pride Pack
Telling you to kill yourself.	Pussy Pack
Telling your father I want a divorce.	Card Lab
Temporary invincibility.	PAX Prime 2013
Tender anal love.	Ass Pack
Tender chunks of all-white-meat chicken.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Tentacle porn.	Main Deck
Tentacles.	Everything Box Expansion
Terrible night crabs that pull out little girls' hair while they sleep.	Card Lab
Terrorism.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Terrorists.	Main Deck
Terry Fox's prosthetic leg.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
Testicular torsion.	Main Deck
Testing a picture of my asshole to Ted Cruz.	Everything Box Expansion
Testing negative for being alive.	Scary Pack
Texas.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Texting and driving and dying.	Out of Line
Texting nudes to the family group chat.	Out of Line
Texting while driving.	Card Lab
Thanos.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
That Anne Hathaway, so talented.	Card Lab
That ass.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
That big-ass hat the Pope wears.	Hot Box
That bitch, Stacy.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
That chicken from Popeyes.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
That flower that turns you into the Black Panther.	Card Lab
That girl from the Hunger Games.	Sci-Fi Pack
That hairless little shitstain Callou.	Main Deck
That horrible day in April when it rains severed fingers.	Card Lab
That kid from high school who died.	Out of Line
That moment when the Protomen steal your chair.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
That one gay Teletubby.	Main Deck
That one leftover screw.	Reject Pack 2
That one teacher who's probably a pedophile.	Hot Box
That photo of Einstein flitting his slutty little tongue.	More Cards Against Humanity
That post-smack jiggle.	Ass Pack
That sexy green M&M.	Out of Line
That shitty season of Mad Men where Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce gets destroyed by Daenerys Targaryen's dragons.	A.I. Pack
That there tarantula.	Family Edition
That thing on the Internet everyone's talking about.	World Wide Web Pack
That thing politicians do with their thumbs when they talk.	Reject Pack 2
That thing that electrocutes your abs.	Main Deck
That ukulele version of "Somewhere Over The Rainbow."	Card Lab
The "Not a Thing" podcast.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The "uncut" style of penis.	Hot Box
The $1 Beefy Fritos Burrito from Taco Bell.	Food Pack
The 1%.	Card Lab
The 1996 Chicago Bulls.	90s Nostalgia Pack
The 2008 financial crisis.	Hot Box
The 2010 Canadian men's hockey team.	Main Deck
The 9,000 children who starved to death today.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present; Seasons Greetings Pack
The Abercrombie & Fitch lifestyle.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
The all-new CLAMWICH, only at Subway!	Clam Pack
The all-new Nissan Pathfinder with 0.9% APR financing!	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
The all-seeing Eye of Sauron.	Fantasy Pack
The alligator that ate Dad.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The alt-right.	Card Lab
The American Dream.	Main Deck
The American healthcare system.	Everything Box Expansion
The Amish.	Main Deck
The amount of baby carrots I can fit up my ass.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The amount of emotions a peanut would be capable of holding.	A.I. Pack
The amount of gay I am.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
The Annual San Diego Conference of Blowjobs.	Everything Box Expansion
The armies of hell.	Card Lab
The arrival of the pizza.	Main Deck
The art of seduction.	Main Deck
The Asshole Destroyer 3000.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The Audi Sign-And-Drive Sales Event.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The awesome power of the Lord.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The baby that ruined my pussy.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The baby.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The babysitter.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The Bachelorette season finale.	Card Lab; Main Deck
The bacon.	Family Edition
The banks, the media, the entire system, man.	Weed Pack
The basic suffering that pervades all of existence.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The bastard seagull who stole my chips.	Main Deck
The beautiful backpacks of Jansport.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The beautiful potato.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The beautiful sport of Turkish oil wrestling.	PAX Prime 2014 - Panel Cards
The Bernie Sanders revolution.	Vote For Hillary Pack
The best Just Dance player in Turkey.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The best taquito in the galaxy.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The best, deepest quotes from The Dark Knight.	Green Box Expansion
The Big Bang.	Main Deck
The big fucking hole in the ozone layer.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
The big parachute from gym class.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The biggest fork you ever saw.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The biggest slut in the hospice care facility.	Hot Box
The biggest, blackest dick.	Box Expansion
The Black Box Press Kit is a press kit containing a variety of items promoting BlackBox.Cool, a shipping company created by the developers of Cards Against Humanity. Among other things it contains one white card.	The Black Box Press Kit
The Black Death.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The black half of Barack Obama.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
The black Power Ranger.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The Blood of Christ.	Main Deck
The blood of Christian babies.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
The blood, sweat and tears of a desparate, sleep-deprived cosplayer the night before a convention.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The bloody Welsh.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The BNP.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The body of a 46-year-old man.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The bold flavor and big crunch of Zesty Cheddar Ranch Cheez-Its.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The bomb strapped to my chest.	Human Pack
The bombing of Nagasaki.	Main Deck
The bombing of Pearl Harbor.	Hot Box
The bond between a woman and her horse.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
The bond of brotherhood forged in battle, unbreakable and eternal.	Fantasy Pack
The BONE ZONE!	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
The boner hatch in the Iron Man suit.	PAX Prime 2013
The boners of the elderly.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The Boston Molasses Disaster.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
The Bowflex Revolution.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
The box these comes in says "Instructions for use: 1. Do not." There is also nutrition information printed on the spacers. The biggest, blackest dick card has foil printing and is hidden under the lining of the lid.	Box Expansion
The Boxcar Children.	Box Expansion
The Boy Scouts of America.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
The boy who sucks the farts our of my sweatpants.	Absurd Box Expansion
The boy who sucks the farts out of my sweatpants.	Card Lab
The breakup of Yugoslavia.	Everything Box Expansion
The British Establishment.	Main Deck
The British.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The burly Croatian woman waxing my pubes.	Card Lab
The bus driver.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The bush.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
The butter of the peanut.	Card Lab
The Cactus of Ultimate Sexual Pleasure.	Picture Card Pack 2
The Canadarm.	Main Deck
The captain of the sports team.	Card Lab
The card game Neil Gaiman wrote: "Three elves at a time."	Fantasy Pack
The card Neil Gaiman wrote: "Three elves at a time."	Fantasy Pack
The Care Bear Stare.	Main Deck
The careless cunt who left a water ring on my credenza.	Pride Pack
The carried interest loophole.	Card Lab
The Chinese gymnastics team.	Main Deck
The Christ child.	Card Lab
The chronic.	Main Deck
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The cleaning lady.	Card Lab
The Clintons.	Card Lab
The clitoris.	Main Deck
The cloud.	Card Lab
The clown that followed me home from the grocery store.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
The Cock Ring of Alacrity.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
The collapse of the Chinese real estate market.	More Cards Against Humanity
The collective wail of every Magic player suddenly realizing that they've spent hundreds of dollars on pieces of cardboard.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
The color "puce".	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
The coming race war.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The complete filmography of Sandra Bullock.	Card Lab
The complex geopolitical quagmire that is the Middle East.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
The concept of money.	Card Lab
The Confederate flag.	Main Deck
The conservative blogosphere.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
The cool, refreshing taste of Coca-Cola®.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
The cool, refreshing taste of Pepsi.	Main Deck
The cool, smoking guys.	Card Lab
The corporations.	Second Expansion
The couch.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The country of Bolivia.	Family Edition
The crazy, ball-slapping sex your parents are having right now.	Main Deck
The creamiest legs in town.	Card Lab
The criminal justice system.	Card Lab
The current political climate.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The current state of American democracy.	Scary Pack
The cutest fucking shoes I've ever seen.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The cyanide pill you keep on your person at all times.	Fascism Pack
The D E V I C E.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
The Daily Mail.	Main Deck
The Dakota Access Pipeline.	Red Box Expansion
The Dalai Lama.	Main Deck
The Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy.	Main Deck
The Dark Lord.	Family Edition
The dark side.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
The day the birds attacked.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The day the garbage men attacked.	Card Lab
The death penalty.	Main Deck
The decade of legal inquests following a single hour of Grand Theft Auto.	PAX Prime 2013
The Deep State.	Card Lab
The deformed.	Main Deck
The dentist.	Blue Box Expansion; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Sixth Expansion
The depression that ensues after catching 'em all.	Geek Pack; PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
The Devil himself.	Main Deck
The Dial-A-Slice Apple Divider from Williams-Sonoma.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
The dick vein on the Snickers bar.	Picture Pack 3
The diminishing purity of the white race.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
The dishes.	Family Edition
The divorce.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The doll that watches me sleep.	Family Edition
The Donald Trump Seal of Approval.™	Main Deck
The Doubleclicks.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The drama club.	Main Deck
The duck who eats bread out of my ass.	Everything Box Expansion
The duck who eats bread out of my butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The dying breath of the last human.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
The dystopia we're living in right now.	Sci-Fi Pack
The economy.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
The EDL.	Main Deck
The egg man.	Card Lab
The eight gay warlocks who dictate the rules of fashion.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The eighth graders.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
The Electoral College.	Everything Box Expansion
The end of all life on Earth.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The end of days.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The ending of Lost.	Sci-Fi Pack
The entire cast of Downton Abbey.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The entire Internet.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The entire Mormon Tabernacle Chior.	PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
The entire Mormon Tabernacle Choir.	Main Deck
The entire population of El Salvador.	Card Lab
The entire state of Texas.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The eternal cycle of death and rebirth.	Out of Line
The ethical implications of enjoying a Woody Allen film in light of the allegations against him.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
The euphoric rush of strangling a drifter.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The even biggest, blackester dick.	Box Expansion
The events depicted in James Cameron's Avatar.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
The ever-present fear of death.	Card Lab
The express written consent of the National Basketball Association.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The fact that Hillary Clinton is a woman.	Vote For Hillary Pack
The fact that there's a bread company called Bimbo.	Card Lab
The fact that time is moving backwards right now and nobody's noticing.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The Famous Five.	Canadian Conversion Kit
The Fanta® girls.	First Expansion
The fattest raccoon the world has ever known.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The FBI list of known homosexuals.	Hot Box
The fear and hatred in men's hearts.	Green Box Expansion
The feeling of going to McDonald's as a 6-year-old.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The feeling you get when an Italian buys the house next to you.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
The female orgasm.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
The fifth graders.	Family Edition
The fifth in a series of Mambos.	Card Lab
The first female President of the United States of America.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The flaming wreckage of the International Space Station.	Green Box Expansion
The floor.	Family Edition
The FLQ.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
The flute.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
The folly of man.	Main Deck
The forbidden fruit.	Main Deck
The Force.	Main Deck
The Founding Daddies.	Hot Box
The four arms of Vishnu.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
The freedom of speech.	Family Edition
The French.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck; Out of Line
The full force of the American military.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The full-blown marginalization of ugly people.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The future of all nipples.	Card Lab
The future.	Card Lab
The Gambino crime family.	Card Lab
The garbage man.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The gays.	Main Deck
The Genophage.	Mass Effect Pack
The ghost of Marlon Brando.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
The ghostly specter of a delicious six-foot party sub that disappears when you try to take a bite.	Scary Pack
The girl who beat me up.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The glass ceiling.	Main Deck
The gluteus maximus.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The goat man who lives in the basement.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
The good, hardworking people of Dubuque, Iowa.	Vote For Trump Pack
The Google.	Second Expansion
The gorgeous calves of mailmen.	Out of Line
The government.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The graceful path of an autumn leaf as it falls to its earthen cradle.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The grandest adventure of all: life.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
The gravity gun.	PAX Prime 2013
The Great British Baking Show.	Everything Box Expansion
The Great Cornholio.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
The Great Depression.	Main Deck
The Great Emu War.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
The Great Lizard Uprising of 2352.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
The Great Pacific Garbage Patch.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
The grey nutrient broth that sustains Mitt Romney.	Second Expansion
The Grinch's musty, cum-stained pelt.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
The Grinch.	Main Deck
The gross inequalities of our society.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
The guillotine.	Everything Box Expansion
The Gulags.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The gum disease gingivitis.	Card Lab
The guys from Queer Eye.	Main Deck
The gym teacher.	Family Edition
The Hamburglar.	Main Deck
The hardworking Mexican.	Main Deck
The Harlem Globetrotters.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The harsh light of day.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
The harsh reality that all horses are people in horse costumes.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The haunting stare of a Syrian child.	Card Lab
The haunting stare of an Iraqi child.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
The Hawaiian goddess Kapo and her flying detachable vagina.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012)
The heart of a child.	Main Deck
The Hellman's Mayonnaise Corporation.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
The Hemsworth brothers.	Main Deck
The heroin.	Card Lab
The hiccups.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The hidden dick in your favorite Disney movie.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The hilarious forgetting disease known as Alzheimer's.	Card Lab
The Hillsborough Disaster.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The Holy Bible.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
The homosexual agenda.	Main Deck
The homosexual lifestyle.	Main Deck
The Honey Monster.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The Horadic Cube.	Card Lab
The horrible things that giving birth dos to your vagina.	Everything Box Expansion
The hose.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The hot dog I put in my vagina ten days ago.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
The hottest MILF in Dallas.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The huge, stupid moon.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The human body.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The humble earthworm.	Family Edition
The Hustle.	Main Deck
The ice cream man.	Family Edition
The idea of a walrus.	A.I. Pack
The illusion of choice in a late-stage capitalist society.	Main Deck
The illusion of linear time.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
The imagination of Peter Jackson.	PAX East 2014
The inability to form meaningful relationships.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
The inaudible screams of carrots.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack C (Cherry)
The increasingly depressing narration in nature documentaries.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
The incredible Gary, he'll suck your nipples.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The Incredible Hulk's disgusting labia.	Bōks
The Incredible Hulk's glorious sex doll.	Bōks
The Incredible Hulk's hideous boobs.	Bōks
The Incredible Hulk's mechanical fuckhole.	Bōks
The Incredible Hulk's mechanical pisshole.	Bōks
The Incredible Hulk's shitty sex island.	Bōks
The inevitable heat death of the universe.	Main Deck
The Internment of Japanese Americans.	Card Lab
The intoxicating fragrance of my own balls.	More Cards Against Humanity
The invisible hand.	Main Deck
The J15 Patriot Assault Box.	Box Expansion
The janitor.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The Jews.	Main Deck
The jizz-summoning ritual.	More Cards Against Humanity
The Joe Rogan Experience.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.	Reject Pack
The joy of song.	Human Pack
The joys of motherhood.	Everything Box Expansion
The kind of epic diarrhea that the ancient bards wrote songs about.	Everything Box Expansion
The kind of family where you get to have sex with each other.	More Cards Against Humanity
The kind of guy who posts on Reddit.	Hot Box
The kind of porn with poop.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The kind of toad you lick to get high.	Hot Box
The King of Jews.	Absurd Box Expansion
The King of the Jews.	Card Lab
The KKK.	Main Deck
The Klobb.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
The Kool-Aid Man.	Main Deck
The lagacy of slavery.	Everything Box Expansion
The land of chocolate.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The last season of Game of Thrones.	Nerd Bundle: A Few More Cards For You Nerds (Target Exclusive)
The lesbians of Iowa.	A.I. Pack
The LGBT community.	Green Box Expansion
The light of a billion suns.	Main Deck
The lingering scent of gardenias.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
The Little Engine That Could.	Main Deck
The little known fact that Polish people don't dream.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The lived experience of African Americans.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The lizard that bit off Jimmy Carter's penis.	Picture Pack 3
The long fingernail guy from The Guiness Book of World Records.	Everything Box Expansion
The longest tongue in the world.	Family Edition
The loose skin at the joint of the elbow known as "the weenus."	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The lunch lady.	Family Edition
The magic of live theatre.	Main Deck
The Make-A-Wish Foundation.	Main Deck
The male gaze.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
The man in the basement.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The man who fuck me and my wife.	Card Lab
The man who fucks me and my wife.	Absurd Box Expansion
The Matrix.	Card Lab
The meats.	Card Lab
The mere concept of Applebee's®.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The meteor that will one day kill Oprah.	Card Lab
The middle finger.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The milk man.	Main Deck
The milk of my loins.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
The milk that comes out of a person.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The milkman.	Main Deck
The miracle of childbirth.	Main Deck
The mixing of the races.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The moist, demanding chasm of his mouth.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The moment Sharon realized she married Steve.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The moon landing which DID NOT HAPPEN.	Card Lab
The Moon.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The morbidly obese.	Main Deck
The most eligible bachelor in Devonshire.	Card Lab
The most gorgeous president with the greatest dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
The mouth area.	Card Lab
The movie White Chicks.	Movie Night Box
The Muppet adaptation of Schindler's List.	Movie Night Box
The mysterious fog rolling into town.	Green Box Expansion
The mystical divinity of unashamed felinity.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
The National Basketball Association.	Card Lab
The National Rifle Association.	Card Lab
The Native Americans.	Out of Line
The new Citibank® mobile app, which puts the power and convenience of Citibank® right in your pocket.	Hot Box
The new iPhone.	Card Lab
The new Netflix documentary that you haaaaaave to see.	Card Lab
The new Radiohead album.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
The new Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki sandwich from Subway!	2000s Nostalgia Pack
The nipples of a man.	Dad Pack
The North.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The not-so-amazing spiderman.	Card Lab
The NRA.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The NSA.	Card Lab
The number one killer of women over fifty.	Card Lab
The obscene amount of money Cards Against Humanity is making by selling this game at Target.®	Retail Product; Retail Product Pack
The Ocarina of time.	Card Lab
The octopus stuck to my face.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The official company motto of Starbucks: "To inspire and nurture the human spirit -- one person, one cup, and one neighborhood at a time."	Everything Box Expansion
The Official Languages Act. La Loi sur les langues officielles.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
The ol' penis-in-the-popcorn surprise.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
The old gods.	PAX East 2014
The old man who sneaks into my room at night to suck my fingers.	Out of Line
The old man with the rake who lives down the dark and winding road.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The only gay person in a hundred kilometers.	Main Deck
The only gay person in a hundred miles.	Main Deck
The ooze.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
The opioid crisis.	Main Deck
The opioid epidemic.	Main Deck
The oppressive system of capitalism.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The Original Kings of Comedy.	Card Lab
The overwhelming desire to euthanize Kermit the Frog.	Bōks
The overwhelming desire to impregnate you.	Bōks
The overwhelming desire to murder a horse.	Bōks
The pan-ethnic, gender-fluid children of the future.	Pride Pack
The part of Anne Frank's diary where she talks about her vagina.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
The passage of time.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
The past.	Main Deck
The Patriarchy.	Main Deck
The peaceful and nonthreatening rise of China.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The pelican that will one day eat Jennifer Lawrence's baby.	Card Lab
The pelican that will one day eat Scarlett Johansson's baby.	Absurd Box Expansion
The penny whistle solo from "My Heart Will Go On."	Main Deck
The people of Florida.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
The People's Elbow.	Main Deck; PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The perfect omelette.	Card Lab
The persecution of Buddhists by American-backed government of Vietnam.	Card Lab
The persecution of Buddhists by the American-backed government of South Vietnam.	Absurd Box Expansion
The petty troubles of the aristrocracy.	Main Deck
The petty troubles of the landed gentry.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The Phantom of the Opera.	Card Lab; Theatre Pack
The pile of triceratops shit from Jurassic Park.	Everything Box Expansion
The pirate's life.	Main Deck
The placenta.	Main Deck
The planet Jupiter.	Card Lab
The pleasure of watching my boys wolf down my casserole and scamper into the woods.	Card Lab
The pleasure of watching my boys wolf down my pot roast and scamper into the woods.	Absurd Box Expansion
The plot of a Michael Bay movie.	Main Deck
The poison. The poison for Kuzco. The poison chosen especially to kill Kusco. Kusco's poison.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The police.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
The pooping position.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
The Pope.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
The porn set that Tabletop is filmed on.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
The power of barbecue.	Card Lab
The power of the Dark Side.	Blue Box Expansion; Family Edition; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
The president.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The primal, ball-slapping sex your parents are having right now.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The processed blood of young boys.	Hot Box
The profound humanism of Iranian cinema.	Everything Box Expansion
The profoundly handicapped.	Main Deck
The prostate.	Main Deck
The prunes I've been saving for you in my armpits.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The pure, Zen-like state that exists between micro and macro.	PAX East 2014
The purging of the disloyal.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
The Quesadilla Explosion Salad™ from Chili's.®	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The quiet majesty of the sea turtle.	Science Pack
The Quran.	Card Lab
The race card.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The racist monarchy.	Main Deck
The Rainforest Cafe.	Card Lab
The Rapture.	Main Deck
The real story behind the yogurt that came out of Tina's vagina.	A.I. Pack
The reassuring sound of my husband masturbating in the other room.	Card Lab
The Red Hot Chili Pepers but if they were fruit bats.	Card Lab
The Red Hot Chili Peppers.	Main Deck
The Red Menace.	Main Deck
The redic secondary mark-up of Cards Against Humanity Cards.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The refreshing zing of Coca-Cola, with real cocaine!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
The remarkable effectiveness of mayonnaise as a sexual lubricant.	Clam Pack
The resurrection of Jesus Christ.	Out of Line
The Retail Product is a 20 card expansion Pack for Cards Againt Humanity, available only at Target stores. It contains 19 white cards and only 1 black card.	Retail Product
The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.	Main Deck
The rhythms of Africa.	Main Deck
The right amount of cocaine.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The right of every American to kill my roomate who hates me.	Bōks
The right of every American to perform a mating display for the Antichrist.	Bōks
The right of every American to pour lube on Garfield.	Bōks
The right of every American to shower praise upon the cashier at Whole Foods.	Bōks
The right of every American to verbally humiliate every resident of Marietta, OH.	Bōks
The rock after which Dwayne Johnson was named.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The rocket launcher.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
The royal afterbirth.	2013 Holiday Pack; A Cringing Look Back At 2013
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.	Canadian Conversion Kit; Main Deck
The Russians.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
The Rwandan Genocide.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The safe word.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The salami police.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The salmon.	Human Pack
The San Francisco lifestyle.	Card Lab
The Sarlacc.	PAX Prime 2013
The Satisfyer Pro 2 Air Pulse Clitoris Stimulator.	Everything Box Expansion
The Scat Man.	Card Lab
The Science of Eugenics.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
The Science Pack is a pack about the hit system of knowledge known worldwide as "science."	Science Pack
The Scouts.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The screams...the terrible screams.	Main Deck
The Second Amendment.	Hot Box
The secret formula for ultimate female satisfaction.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
The secret to truly resilient hair.	Green Box Expansion
The secrets we all hide in our big pants.	Picture Card Pack 2
The sensitive European photographer who's fucking my wife.	House of Cards Expansion; House of Cards Pack
The sexual possibilities of coleslaw.	Clam Pack
The shambling corpse of Larry King.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
The shittier, Jewish version of Christmas.	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Seasons Greetings Pack
The shocking stupidity of the American public.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
The significance of eyes in King Lear.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
The size of my penis.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The slut to my left.	Hot Box
The Smell of a Primark.	Main Deck
The Smell of Primark.	Main Deck
The smell.	Card Lab
The son of a bitch who knocked up my daughter.	Dad Pack
The song "Uptown Funk" coming on.	Everything Box Expansion
The song that never ends, it just goes on and on my friends.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The sound of my roommate masturbating.	College Pack
The soup daddy got cookin'.	Hot Box
The South rising again.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
The South.	Main Deck
The spirit of Aloha.	Card Lab
The spooky skeleton under my skin.	Reject Pack 2
The Star Wars Holiday Special.	2012 Holiday Pack
The Star Wars universe.	PAX East 2014
The Statue of Liberty's huge green pussy.	Out of Line
The Stig.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The Strictly Come Dancing final.	Main Deck
The Strictly Come Dancing season finale.	Main Deck
The struggle.	Card Lab
The sudden appearance of the Go Compare man.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The Sun engulfing the Earth.	Science Pack
The sun-ripen asses of Sicily.	Ass Pack
The Superdome.	Main Deck
The Swamp of Unlimited Pleasure.	Everything Box Expansion
The sweet honking or Karen's bassoon.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The sweet song of sword against and the braying of mighty war beasts.	Sixth Expansion
The sweet song of sword against sword and the braying of mighty war beasts.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
The sweet, forbidden meat of the monkey.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The swim team, all at once.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The symbolism of eyes in the Great Gatsby.	Card Lab
The systematic destruction of an entire people and their way of life.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The systematic disenfranchisement of black voters.	Vote For Hillary Pack
The taint; the grundle; the fleshy fun-bridge.	Main Deck
The Taliban.	Hot Box
The tampon from my vagina.	Main Deck
The tears of a million disappointed 49ers fans.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
The Tempur-Pedic® Swedish Sleep System™.	Main Deck
The Ten Commandments.	Hot Box
The ten largest men from my village.	Everything Box Expansion
The terrible computer virus that put all this porn on my laptop.	Everything Box Expansion
The terrible grinding of the bonesaw.	Card Lab
The terrible winter of 1609.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The terrible wrath of Poseidon.	Card Lab
The terrorists.	Main Deck
The thin veneer of narrative causality that underlies porn.	Card Lab
The thin veneer of situational causality that underlies porn.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The Thong Song.	Main Deck
The Three-Fifths compromise.	Main Deck
The tiger that killed my father.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; Main Deck
The tiniest shred of evidence that God is real.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
The tiny man who lives inside the ATM and hands out all the money.	Reject Pack 3
The tiny man who only eats coffee beans and diarrheas into my thermos every morning.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
The tiny, calloused hands of the Chinese children that made this card.	2012 Holiday Pack
The toilet.	Card Lab
The token lesbian.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards; Reject Pack 2
The token minority.	Main Deck
The total collapse of the global financial system.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
The Trail of Tears.	Main Deck
The transience of all things.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
The true meaning of Christmas.	Main Deck
The truth.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
The Turner Lickability Scale.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
The ugliest boy in the village.	Main Deck
The ugliest boy in town.	Card Lab; Main Deck
The unbelievable world of mushrooms.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The undeniable sex appeal of cats.	Pussy Pack
The Underground Railroad.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
The United States Strategic Mayonnaise Reserve.	Clam Pack
The unspeakable horrors of factory farming.	Human Pack
The unspeakable secrets of the weasels.	A.I. Pack
The unstoppable tide of Islam.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The UPS guy.	Card Lab
The vagina hole.	Period Pack
The vanishing line between truth and misinformation.	Main Deck
The violation of our most basic human rights.	Main Deck
The Virginia Tech Massacre.	Main Deck
The way Dad looks at me.	Hot Box
The way grandpa smells.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The way I feel when I see Kyle.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The way it feels to blackmail that guy over there.	Bōks
The way it feels to debate the nature of consciousness with my identical twin.	Bōks
The way it feels to give COVID to some guy's feet.	Bōks
The way it feels to verbally humiliate Grandpa.	Bōks
The way James Bond treats women.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
The way white people is.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
The weird noises mom makes when she's swallowing big veggies.	Everything Box Expansion
The Welsh.	Main Deck
The Wendy's Spicy Chicken Sandwich.	Main Deck
The wettest fart you ever heard.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The White Australia Policy.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
The white half of Barack Obama.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The white man.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
The white working class.	Card Lab
The whole enchilada.	Main Deck
The whole family.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
The whole Jeffrey Epstein thing.	Human Pack
The wickedly talented, one and only, Adele Dazeem.	Theatre Pack
The Wienermobile.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
The wifi password.	Main Deck
The wind.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
The wisdom of the crowds.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
The WOKE MIND VIRUS!!!	2024 Election Pack
The woman I'm going to marry one day.	Family Edition
The wonderful giant spoon known as "ladle."	Absurd Box Expansion
The wonderful giant spoon known as a 'ladle'.	Card Lab
The wonders of the Orient.	Main Deck
The world going to shit.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
The World of Warcraft.	Main Deck
The world's gayest homosexual.	Out of Line
The world's largest baby, weighing over 700 lbs.	Card Lab
The world's largest baby, weighing over 700 pounds.	Absurd Box Expansion
The world's ugliest baby.	Everything Box Expansion
The worm that ate my penis and is now my penis.	Absurd Box Expansion
The worst pain imaginable. Times two!	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
The wrath of Vladimir Putin.	Main Deck
The Wuhan Institute of Virology.	Cultural Wars Pack
The Y2K bug.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
The Yad Vashem World Center for Holocaust Research.	Fascism Pack
The yak god who comes to Earth to fuck our daughters.	Card Lab
The Übermensch.	Main Deck
Theatre kids.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Therapy.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
Theresa May.	Main Deck
These amazing testicles I'm about to share with you.	A.I. Pack
These awesome gadgets that track my every move.	A.I. Pack
These breasts of mine.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
These cards were picked by each founding member of CAH and features a line drawing of the member who chose that card.	Reject Pack
These dolphins.	Reject Pack 2
These healthy, delicious Lucky Strike cigarettes!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
These hoes.	Main Deck
These low, low prices!	2013 Holiday Pack; CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Seasons Greetings Pack
These new jeans that look so cool but are actually so bad.	A.I. Pack
Thicc sluts.	Green Box Expansion
Thick Ukrainian ass.	Ass Pack
Thick, nasty burps.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Thinking about what eating even is.	Green Box Expansion
Thinking.	Card Lab
Third base.	Main Deck
Thirty entrepreneurs who are reshaping the digital landscape.	Card Lab
This 5 card mini pack comes with the CAH main set when purchased through a retail outlet (in a store...)	Retail Mini Set
This answer is postmodern.	Main Deck
This bald dude with crazy tattoos who pissed into my mouth during the Super Bowl halftime show.	Bōks
This bald dude with crazy tattoos whose feet I sucked at band camp.	Bōks
This big city lawyer I fingered for fun.	Bōks
This big city lawyer I pissed on in 1997.	Bōks
This big city lawyer who ate my pussy back in 'Nam.	Bōks
This big city lawyer who had sex with me and all my friends at my wedding.	Bōks
This big city lawyer who slobbered all over my nipples to my great delight.	Bōks
This big stick.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
This blue alien whose husband I killed in my roommate's closet.	Bōks
This blue alien whose prostate I stimulated as part of a scientific experiment.	Bōks
This blue alien whose son I killed in 1997.	Bōks
This boring ass white bitch from work.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
This Cameroonian guy who ate my vomit for ten bucks.	Bōks
This Cameroonian guy who fucked me just to feel alive.	Bōks
This Cameroonian guy whose bald head I licked in an abandoned coal mine.	Bōks
This centaur I stabbed in my dad's bedroom.	Bōks
This clam-eating bimbo who fucked my ass inside the gorilla enclosure at the zoo.	Bōks
This clam-eating bimbo who had sex with me and all my friends aboard an airplane.	Bōks
This clown who barfed blood all over me in an empty swimming pool.	Bōks
This clown who diarrhead all over my bald head in a broken-down elevator.	Bōks
This clown who fucked my ass in a broken-down elevator.	Bōks
This cowboy.	Picture Card Pack 1
This crypto douche who barfed on me right after my dad's funeral.	Bōks
This crypto douche who pissed into my mouth to serve as a distraction during an elaborate casino heist.	Bōks
This dentist who slobbered all over my nipples in front of all my friends.	Bōks
This dipshit who fucked me in exchange for a place to sleep.	Bōks
This dipshit who shat on me back in the 60s.	Bōks
This dog trainer who did indescribable things to my body at the airport.	Bōks
This dog trainer who shat on me just yesterday.	Bōks
This dog trainer who snorted coke off my boner inside the belly of a whale.	Bōks
This dog trainer whose son I killed on live TV.	Bōks
This evil sorcerer who ate my ass at a Dave & Buster's.	Bōks
This evil sorcerer who fucked both me and my husband while my mother watched.	Bōks
This evil sorcerer who sucked my toes at Costco.	Bōks
This figure skater I pissed on in an empty swimming pool.	Bōks
This figure skater who drank my piss right after my dad's funeral.	Bōks
This figure skater whose blood I drank in a barn.	Bōks
This goat, who is my friend.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
This goblin I milked for $10,000.	Bōks
This goblin who fingered me in a Taco Bell drive-through.	Bōks
This goblin who took shrooms with me in a swamp.	Bōks
This groovy new thing called LSD.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Past
This guy I 69'ed because Gary said so.	Bōks
This guy I pissed on in an empty swimming pool.	Bōks
This guy in a duck costume I gaped in a crowded mall.	Bōks
This guy in a duck costume I pissed on in Thailand.	Bōks
This guy in a duck costume who ate my pussy in my roommate's closet.	Bōks
This guy in a Santa suit I diarrhead on at Costco.	Bōks
This guy in a Santa suit I did anal with right before I went to rehab.	Bōks
This guy in a Santa suit I took a dump on in 1997.	Bōks
This guy in a Santa suit who got me pregnant like a hundred times.	Bōks
This guy named Jeff Bezos I took a dump on for $10,000.	Bōks
This guy named Jeff Bezos who had sex with me and all my friends in front of all my friends.	Bōks
This guy named Jeff Bezos who vomited eggs into my mouth in front of all my friends.	Bōks
This guy named Jeff Bezos whose feet I sucked for ten bucks.	Bōks
This guy who slapped my ass in a Disney World bathroom.	Bōks
This guy!	First Expansion
This half-man, half-goat I fucked duting a porn shoot.	Bōks
This half-man, half-goat who ate my ass because Gary said so.	Bōks
This here pile of dog vomit.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
This hockey goalie I ate poop with inside the belly of a whale.	Bōks
This hockey goalie I fucked at a Dave & Buster's.	Bōks
This hockey goalie who barfed on me in exchange for a place to sleep.	Bōks
This hockey goalie who diarrhead all over my bald head for ten bucks.	Bōks
This hockey goalie who snorted coke off my boner in a swamp.	Bōks
This Honda sales rep I got pregnant at a Las Vegas truck stop.	Bōks
This Honda sales rep who drugged me and stole my kidneys right after my dad's funeral.	Bōks
This horrible thing called twitter.	Human Pack
This hot bodyguard I did anal with in exchange for a place to sleep.	Bōks
This hot bodyguard who beat the shit out of me duting a porn shoot.	Bōks
This hot bodyguard who drugged me and stole my kidneys because Gary said so.	Bōks
This hot dog vendor whose feet I sucked at the gym.	Bōks
This hot dog vendor whose prostate I stimulated in a barn.	Bōks
This humpback whale I pissed on backstage at Jimmy Fallon.	Bōks
This humpback whale who did indescribable things to my body not once, not twice, but three times.	Bōks
This junkie I milked in my dad's bedroom.	Bōks
This junkie who ate my poop to serve as a distraction during an elaborate casino heist.	Bōks
This junkie whose bald head I licked for ten bucks.	Bōks
This junkie whose son I killed at the airport.	Bōks
This kid I found.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
This kind of clam. [A man holding a geoduck]	Clam Pack
This kind old lady I fucked during COVID.	Bōks
This kind old lady who fucked my mouth in a van by the beach.	Bōks
This kind old lady whose blood I drank in front of all my friends.	Bōks
This libertarian who barfed on me for 24 hours straight.	Bōks
This librarian who barfed blood all over me atop a moving train.	Bōks
This librarian who fucked my mouth at Costco.	Bōks
This librarian who fucked my mouth at my wedding.	Bōks
This librarian whose feet I sucked in Thailand.	Bōks
This mailman who fucked my ass a long, long time ago.	Bōks
This mailman who fucked my mouth just to feel alive.	Bōks
This mailman whose prostate I stimulated at the White House.	Bōks
This mailman whose prostate I stimulated in a swamp.	Bōks
This man with no fingers I barfed on just to feel alive.	Bōks
This man with no fingers I milked aboard the International Space Station.	Bōks
This man with no fingers I milked in a dark basement.	Bōks
This man with no fingers who slapped my ass for 24 hours straight.	Bōks
This man-crab whose prostate I stimulated in my dad's bedroom.	Bōks
This minotaur I milked a long, long time ago.	Bōks
This minotaur who ate my pussy during the Super Bowl halftime show.	Bōks
This minotaur who sucked frosting out of my pubes in exchange for a place to sleep.	Bōks
This month's mass shooting.	Main Deck
This movie director I farted on just yesterday.	Bōks
This movie director who drank my piss not once, not twice, but three times.	Bōks
This movie director whose blood I drank in a Taco Bell drive-through.	Bōks
This movie director whose feet I sucked in a Disney World bathroom.	Bōks
This Nazi who fucked me at my sister's wedding.	Bōks
This Nazi who I lived with for five years at a Panda Express.	Bōks
This neurosurgeon I ate out because Gary said so.	Bōks
This obscure Aztec deity who beat the shit out of me in a broken-down elevator.	Bōks
This obscure Aztec deity who drank my piss surounded by all my friends and family.	Bōks
This old lady next to me who won't stop farting.	Theatre Pack
This Olympic fencer I gaped in a barn.	Bōks
This Olympic fencer who diarrhead all over my bald head in an empty swimming pool.	Bōks
This Olympic fencer whose husband I killed at a Las Vegas truck stop.	Bōks
This pack was given to fix misprints of v1.2 at PAX 2012. The cards are also found in v1.3.	Pax 2012
This pastry chef I 69'ed to serve as a distraction during an elaborate casino heist.	Bōks
This pastry chef I ate out at Costco.	Bōks
This pastry chef I diarrhead on at Costco.	Bōks
This pastry chef I got pregnant at my sister's wedding.	Bōks
This pastry chef whose blood I drank in an abandoned coal mine.	Bōks
This plumber who drugged me and stole my kidneys at my wedding.	Bōks
This plumber who drugged me and stole my kidneys back in the 60s.	Bōks
This pumpkin.	Family Edition
This robot I fingered in my roommate's closet.	Bōks
This robot I tongue-kissed inside the belly of a whale.	Bōks
This robot who ate my pussy surrounded by all my friends and family.	Bōks
This robot who pissed into my mouth in a swamp.	Bōks
This robot whose son I killed backstage at Jimmy Fallon.	Bōks
This Russian spy who ate my pussy a long, long time ago.	Bōks
This Russian spy who I lived with for five years in a Disney World bathroom.	Bōks
This sexy ghost who knocked up my daughter backstage at Jimmy Fallon.	Bōks
This soccer hooligan who ate my vomit in a broken-down elevator.	Bōks
This soccer hooligan who snorted meth with me in a barn.	Bōks
This soccer hooligan whose bald head I licked at Costco.	Bōks
This soccer hooligan whose bald head I licked for fun.	Bōks
This stupid game.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
This swimmer named Michael Phelps I barfed on in 1997.	Bōks
This time traveler I fucked as part of a scientific experiment.	Bōks
This time traveler I milked just to feel alive.	Bōks
This time traveler who drank my piss in a swamp.	Bōks
This time traveler who fucked me just yesterday.	Bōks
This time traveler who fucked my mouth in a broken-down elevator.	Bōks
This Trump voter who pissed into my mouth during the Super Bowl halftime show.	Bōks
This Trump voter whose clams I stole for ten bucks.	Bōks
This twelve-foot woman whose clams I stole for 24 hours straight.	Bōks
This Uber driver who drugged me and stole my kidneys right before I went to rehab.	Bōks
This Uber driver who fucked me as a joke.	Bōks
This Uber driver whose blood I drank at a Dave & Buster's.	Bōks
This UPS driver I 69'ed backstage at Jimmy Fallon.	Bōks
This UPS driver who beat the shit out of me at a rave.	Bōks
This UPS driver who fucked my husband inside the belly of a whale.	Bōks
This week's mass shooting.	Main Deck
This wrinkly old dude who ate my poop inside the gorilla enclosure at the zoo.	Bōks
This wrinkly old dude who force-fed me french toast in an abandoned coal mine.	Bōks
This year's mass shooting.	Main Deck
This yoga teacher I ate poop with right before I went to rehab.	Bōks
This yoga teacher I stabbed inside the gorilla enclosure at the zoo.	Bōks
This yoga teacher I took a dump on right after my dad's funeral.	Bōks
This yoga teacher who ate my pussy inside the gorilla enclosure at the zoo.	Bōks
This yoga teacher who drugged me and stole my kidneys in front of a live studio audience.	Bōks
This yoga teacher whose clams I stole duting a porn shoot.	Bōks
Thong crust.	Everything Box Expansion
Thongs, the underwear that goes up your butt.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Those cheekbones, honey.	Pride Pack
Those times when you get sand in your vagina.	Main Deck
Thoughts and prayers.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Thousands of lasagna.	Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Thousands of potatoes just for me.	Card Lab
Threatening legal action.	Everything Box Expansion
Three boobs.	Sci-Fi Pack
Three consecutive seconds of happiness.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
Three dicks at the same time.	Main Deck
Three drag queens, a bus, and a dream.	Main Deck
Three glasses of red wine.	Family Edition
Three hairs from the silver-golden head of Galadriel.	Reject Pack 2
Three hours of nonstop penetration.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Three hours of pimple-popping videos.	Human Pack
Three men and three hot dogs.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Three months in the hole.	Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Three of four ladies, rubbing their tits together or something.	Blue Box Expansion
Three or four ladies, rubbing their tits together or something.	More Cards Against Humanity
Three ounces of clean urine.	Main Deck
Three years of semen in a shoebox.	World Wide Web Pack
Throw up.	College Pack
Throwing a baby dolphin back into the ocean with a perfect spiral.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Throwing a man by his big penis.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Throwing a virgin into a volcano.	Main Deck; PAX 2012 "Oops" Kit; Pax 2012
Throwing grapes at a man until he loses touch with reality.	Main Deck
Throwing my ex-wife into a black hole.	Card Lab
Throwing my hands in the air to demonstrate the extent of my excitement.	Card Lab
Throwing myself upon my husband's funeral pyre.	Card Lab
Throwing pickles at passing cars.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Throwing poop back at a monkey.	Card Lab
Throwing rocks at stuff.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Throwing stones at a man until he dies.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Throwing stuff at other stuff.	Family Edition
Throwing up double peace signs with my besties at Starbucks.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Throwing your dad into a dumpster and yelling, "Now I am dad!"	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Throwing your hands in the air and waving them despite caring deeply.	Hidden Compartment Pack
Thrusting and grunting.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Thumb, the King of Fingers.	Card Lab
Thumb, the King of the Fingers.	Absurd Box Expansion
Thunderous lovemaking.	Everything Box Expansion
Thy anus.	Everything Box Expansion
Thy neighbor's wife.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Ticketmaster, LORD of Tickets, ENFORCER of Surcharges, DENIER of Refunds!	Fantasy Pack
Tickle Me Elmo.	Main Deck
Tickling Mom 'til she pees.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Tickling Sean Hannity, even after he tells you to stop.	Main Deck
Tiger Woods.	Main Deck
Tight, red baboon ass.	Ass Pack
TikTok.	Family Edition
Timothée Chalamet.	Out of Line
Tiny nipples.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Tiny sour kisses from a lemon dwarf.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Tiny tits that say "Yippee!" when you touch them.	Main Deck
Tiny, rancid girl farts.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Titty fucking.	Card Lab
Titty sweat.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Titty-fucking two deflated soccer balls.	Out of Line
Titty.	Everything Box Expansion
Today's mass shooting.	Cultural Wars Pack
Toddlers.	Everything Box Expansion
Toe jam.	Family Edition
Tofu.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Toilet cams.	Out of Line
Toilet piranhas.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Toilet sluts.	Card Lab
Tom Brady's alien bird feet.	Bōks
Tom Brady's ENORMOUS pooper.	Bōks
Tom Brady's horrifying brain.	Bōks
Tom Brady's maggot-infested rectum.	Bōks
Tom Brady's prosthetic nipples.	Bōks
Tom Brady's soft, mushy thighs.	Bōks
Tom Cruise's inhuman rectum.	Bōks
Tom Cruise's moldy cornhole.	Bōks
Tom Cruise's stupid holes.	Bōks
Tom Cruise's terrible talons.	Bōks
Tom Cruise.	Main Deck
Tomatoes.	Picture Pack 3
Tombus, the Talking rhombus.	Family Edition
Tongue kissing.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Tongue-fucking them toes.	Everything Box Expansion
Tongue.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Toni Morrison's vagina.	Main Deck
Tony Abbott in budgie smugglers.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Tony Robbins.	Card Lab
Too many teeth in that mouth.	Card Lab
Too much cocaine.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Too much edibles.	Weed Pack
Too much foreskin.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Too much hair gel.	Main Deck
Too much Star Wars movie.	Card Lab
Tories.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Toronto.	Hot Box
Torturing Jews until they say they're not Jews anymore.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Tossed salads and scrambled eggs.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Total control of the media.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Total crap.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Total fucking chaos.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Total world domination.	Family Edition
Totally fuckable aliens.	Mass Effect Pack
Totally ineffective political satire.	Gen Con 2018 Midterm Election Pack; Midterm Pack 2018
Touching a boob.	Card Lab
Touching a pug right on his penis.	Main Deck
Touching poo.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Toxic masculinity.	Main Deck
Toxins.	Card Lab
Tracing the furrows of your cellulitic ass like a loving cartographer.	Ass Pack
Traditonal gender roles.	Absurd Box Expansion
Trafficked humans.	Card Lab
Training for years in order to be killed by some white lady.	Bōks
Training for years in order to become a man.	Bōks
Training for years in order to get fucked by a Republican.	Bōks
Training for years in order to give COVID to a blue whale.	Bōks
Training for years in order to perform a mating display for the man who murdered my father.	Bōks
Training for years in order to slap Zendaya.	Bōks
Training for years in order to verbally humiliate Joe Rogan.	Bōks
Trans kids.	Out of Line
Trans-exclusionary radical feminists.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Transferring my consciousness into a guinea pig.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Sci-Fi Pack
Transphobia.	Everything Box Expansion
Trapping my Sim in a swimming pool until she shits herself.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Traveling to the Sun to harvest its creams.	Card Lab
Travolta.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Treasures beyond your wildest dreams.	Blue Box Expansion; Sixth Expansion
Treating people as objects for self-gratification.	Card Lab
Treausres beyond your wildest dreams.	Sixth Expansion
Trees with human skin.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Trees.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Trench foot.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Trevor, the world's greatest boyfriend.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Triangles.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Trimming the poop out of Chewbacca's butt hair.	Sci-Fi Pack
Triple, quadruple, even quintuple penetration!	Out of Line
Tripping balls.	First Expansion; Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Tripping on an object and becoming angry.	Dad Pack
Trombone sounds.	Hot Box
Trout!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
True love's kiss.	Family Edition; Fantasy Pack
Trump.	Main Deck
Trung the pants-ripping bear.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Trying and failing to blow my wife.	Bōks
Trying and failing to debate the nature of consciousness with my wife.	Bōks
Trying and failing to perform fellatio on a cantaloupe.	Bōks
Trying gay stuff just in case.	Out of Line
Trying really hard not to cry.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Trying really, really hard.	Hot Box
Trying to assassinate Donald Trump.	2024 Election Pack
Trying to catch that dang raccoon.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Trying to eat a bag of Fritos as quietly as possible while getting eaten out.	Hot Box
Trying to explain David Lynch's oeuvre.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Trying to feel something, anything.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Present
Trying to remember what music was.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Trying to stop climate change with weird chemicals, but accidentally creating a new ice age, and now the only surviving humans are stuck on a cyberpunk murder-train.	Climate Catastrophe Pack
Trying to wake up from this nightmare.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Tubes.	Picture Card Pack 2
Tucker Carlson debating a clam on live television.	Clam Pack
Tucker Carlson's crappy little fuckhole.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's disgusting labia.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's inhuman procoscis.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's jizz-soaked sphincter.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's pearly-white dong.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's robot prostate.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's shit-covered body.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's soft, mushy pisshole.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's supernatural dildo.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson's supernatural pooper.	Bōks
Tucker Carlson.	Picture Pack 3
Tumblr opinions.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Tumblr.	Card Lab
Tummy rubs.	Pussy Pack
Tungsten.	Card Lab
Tupac.	Card Lab
Turkey sauce, the sauce that comes out of a turkey.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Turn-of-the-century sky racists.	PAX Prime 2013
Turning 32.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Turning 40.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Turning 70 and still being fuckable.	ClickHole Greeting Cards Pack (Target Exclusive)
Turning poor people against each other so they don't pay attention to economic inequality.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Turning the rivers red with the blood of infidels.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Tweeting an apology.	World Wide Web Pack
Tweeting the word "nutsack" 7,000 times in a row.	Hot Box
Twenty bucks.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Twenty cheerleaders laughing at your tiny penis.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Twenty tonnes of bat shit.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Twerking and shitting at the same time.	Out of Line
Twerking.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Twinkies®.	Main Deck
Twinks.	Main Deck
Twirling a cane, popping it into my anus, and giving a tip of the top hat.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Twisting my cock and balls into a balloon poodle.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Two baby otters holding hands.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Two beautiful pig sisters.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Two buttholes.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Two contrasting monologues-- one classical, one contemporary.	Theatre Pack
Two dudes just bumpin' their balls together.	Everything Box Expansion
Two girls sharing one cup of poop.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Two hamsters nibbling on a tiny burrito.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Two hours on PornHub.	Card Lab
Two men in a horse costume.	Theatre Pack
Two midgets shitting into a box.	Box Expansion
Two midgets shitting into a bucket.	Main Deck
Two Ruben Studdards emerging from the water and kissing.	Card Lab
Two shitty kids and a garbage husband.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Two tickets to Hamilton.	Theatre Pack
Two whales fucking the shit out of each other.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck; Sixth Expansion
Two Xanax and a bottle of wine.	Main Deck
Two-factor authentication.	Hot Box
Type of picture.	Design Pack
Udders.	Out of Line
Uggs, leggings, and a North Face.	College Pack
Uggs.	Card Lab
Ugly.	Hot Box
Un-legalizing gay marriage.	2024 Election Pack
Unbelievably soft carpet.	Weed Pack
Unchecked presidentaial power.	2024 Election Pack
Uncle Bob.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Uncle Fester.	Out of Line
Uncles.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Uncut Daddy Dick.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Underage drinking.	College Pack
Unemployment.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Unfathomable stupidity.	Main Deck
Uninformed knuckle-dragging low information voters.	Hanukkah LOL Pack
Unintentionally living the life of every Ellen Page character.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Unions.	Hot Box
Unleashing a hell demon that will destroy our world.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Unlocking a new sex position.	PAX Prime 2013
Unquestioning obedience.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Unraveling a vast, Jewish conspiracy.	Card Lab
Unrelenting genital punishment.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Unresolved childhood trauma.	Everything Box Expansion
Unsheathing my massive horse cock.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Unwanted sexual advances.	Card Lab
Unwelcome sexual attention from grown men.	Human Pack
Updog.	Card Lab
Upgrading homeless people to mobile hotspots.	Second Expansion
Upgrading to Pornhub Premium.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Uppercuts.	Main Deck
Uranus.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Science Pack
Used knickers.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Used panties.	Main Deck
Using "Hail to the Chief" as sex music.	Hot Box
Using a condom.	Main Deck
Using a filter that makes you look Korean.	Out of Line
Using a gun to kill a spider.	Hot Box
Using a Smucker's Uncrustable™ as a maxi pad.	Period Pack
Using balloons as boobies.	Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Using comedy as a coping mechanism.	Main Deck
Using electric eels to solve the world's energy crisis.	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Using my butt as a microwave.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Using my lover's urine as bong water.	Hot Box
Using my penis as a metronome.	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
Using parametric statistics when the data are clearly not from a normal distribution.	Picture Card Pack 1
Using the miracle of language to inform a 7-Eleven clerk that the cheese dispenser is empty.	Card Lab
Using the word "homie."	Out of Line
Using the word "Latinx."	Cultural Wars Pack
Using they/them pronouns.	Cultural Wars Pack
Using words to communicate.	Human Pack
Usury.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Vagina dentata.	Scary Pack
Vaguely Asian noodles.	Card Lab
Vajazzling my vajayjay.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Validation from internet strangers.	Pussy Pack
Valtrex Man.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Valuable leadership experience.	College Pack
Vaping.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Vegemite™.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Vegetarian options.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Vehicular homicide.	Main Deck
Vehicular manslaughter.	Main Deck
Velcro™.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Verizon customer service.	More Cards Against Humanity
Vespene gas.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Viagra®.	Main Deck
Victory points.	Tabletop Expansion; Tabletop Pack
Vietnam flashbacks.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Vigilante justice.	Main Deck
Vigorous jazz hands.	Main Deck
Vikings.	Main Deck
Violating the First Law of Robotics.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack B
Violating the Geneva convention.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Violence.	Family Edition
Violent video games.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Visigoths.	Card Lab
Vladimir Putin's birdlike vulva.	Bōks
Vladimir Putin's hairy ass.	Bōks
Vladimir Putin's hairy tentacles.	Bōks
Vladimir Putin's soft, mushy fangs.	Bōks
Vladimir Putin's upsettingly large pussy.	Bōks
Vladimir Putin.	Main Deck
Voldemort.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab; Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Vomiting into a kangaroo's pouch.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Vomiting mid-blowjob.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Vomiting Scrabble tiles that spell out 'Wassup?'	Card Lab
Vomiting seafood and bleeding anally.	Main Deck
Vomiting with style.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Voter fraud.	Main Deck
Voter suppression.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
VR porn.	Card Lab
Vulcan sex-madness.	Sci-Fi Pack
W. W. W. DOT BIG DADDY SEX HOLE DOT COM.	World Wide Web Pack
Waiting 'til marriage.	Main Deck
Waiting for the right moment to blackmail my landlady.	Bōks
Waiting for the right moment to capture my boyfriend.	Bōks
Waiting for the right moment to hunt down and murder two pandas at the zoo.	Bōks
Waiting for the right moment to murder the mayor of Grand Rapids, MI.	Bōks
Waiting till marriage.	Main Deck
Wakanda.	Family Edition
Waking up during surgery.	Hot Box
Waking up half-naked in a Denny's parking lot.	Main Deck
Waking up half-naked in a Little Chef car park.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Waking up half-naked in a Macca's car park.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Waking up half-naked in a Wetherspoons car park.	Main Deck
Waking up in Idris Elba's arms.	Card Lab; Main Deck
Waking up inside of a spider web.	Family Edition
Waking up inside of a tornado.	Card Lab; Green Box Expansion
Walking around with a big magnifying glass going "hmmmmm."	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Walking in on Dad peeing into Mom's mouth.	First Expansion; Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Walking into a glass door.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Walking.	Card Lab
Wallpapering my Cybertruck with MAGA stickers.	2024 Election Pack
Walls.	Card Lab
Waluigi.	Geek Pack
Wandering into a Sumerian sex temple and being plunged into a world of erotic mystery.	Card Lab
Wandering naked onto the freeway.	Hot Box
Wandering the desert for 40 years.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Wandering the streets in search of a party.	College Pack
Wanking into a pool of children's tears.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
War crimes.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition; Main Deck
War with Canada.	Family Edition
War with China.	Human Pack
Warm, velvety muppet sex.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Third Expansion
Washing my butt with soap and water.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Watching a hot person eat.	Green Box Expansion
Watching someone fuck my wife.	Everything Box Expansion
Watching the life drain from the eyes of my son's killer.	Human Pack
Watching the show "Frasier" and feeling the emotion "pleasure."	Hidden Gems Bundle: A Few New Cards We Crammed Into This Bundle Pack (Amazon Exclusive)
Watching you die.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Watching you masturbate.	Picture Pack 3
Watching you poop.	Everything Box Expansion; Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Water so cold it turned into a rock.	Reject Pack 2
Water.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion
Waterboarding.	Main Deck
Watering Grandma like a houseplant.	Hot Box
Waxing my asshole.	Ass Pack
Weapons of mass destruction.	2000s Nostalgia Pack
Weapons-grade plutonium.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Wearing a condom the proper way, around the balls and penis.	Everything Box Expansion
Wearing a MAGA hat.	Everything Box Expansion
Wearing a monocle and talking like a British man.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Wearing a wig and high heels.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Wearing an octopus for a hat.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Wearing glasses and sounding smart.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Wearing high heels.	Family Edition
Wearing my mother's bra.	Written By Kids Pack - Family Edition
Wearing Nicolas Cage's face.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Wearing sweatpants to showcase the penis.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Wearing the bicycle helmet during sex.	Everything Box Expansion
Wearing underwear inside out to avoid doing laundry.	Main Deck
Website.	Main Deck
Welcoming death.	Hot Box
Welfare.	Hot Box
Western standards of beauty.	Blue Box Expansion; Fifth Expansion
Wet butt.	Main Deck; Red Box Expansion
Wet dreams.	Main Deck
Whacking off to the diarrhea scene in Bridesmaids.	Movie Night Box
Whale dong.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
What Dad has to say about Muslims.	Dad Pack
What I assume to be semen.	Everything Box Expansion
What I Doin'.	A.I. Pack
What I'm about to do to this stuffed crab.	Picture Pack 3
What it means to be a Jewish woman in contemporary society.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
What Jesus would do.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
What looked like a chemical weapons facility but turned out to be a children's hospital.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
What Macaulay Culkin looks like now.	Card Lab
What remains of my penis.	2014 Holiday Pack; Cards Against Humanity's Ten Days Or Whatever of Kwanzaa: The Ghost of Kwanzaa Future
What that mouth do.	Main Deck
What The Rock was really cooking.	PAX East 2014 - Panel Cards
What the State of New Jersey describes as "public defecation."	Everything Box Expansion
What to do with all of this chocolate on my penis.	Food Pack; PAX Prime 2015 Food Pack A (Mango)
What's left of the Great Barrier Reef.	Main Deck
What?	Everything Box Expansion
Whatever a McRib® is made of.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion; Main Deck
Whatever ants are up to in those hills.	Card Lab
Whatever brave hero killed Hitler.	Fascism Pack
Whatever dad does at work.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Whatever Final Fantasy bullshit happened this year.	PAX East 2014
Whatever Kwanzaa is supposed to be about.	2012 Holiday Pack
Whatever Master desires.	Everything Box Expansion
Whatever straight people do for fun.	Pride Pack
Whatever the fuck I was just talking about.	Weed Pack
Whatever you wish, mother.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity; Sixth Expansion
Whatever's in the fridge.	Main Deck
When a big truck goes 'Toot! Toot!'.	Card Lab
When the big truck goes "Toot! Toot!"	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
When you fart and a little bit comes out.	Main Deck
Whichever one of you took a shit in the shower.	College Pack
Whining like a little bitch.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Whipping a disobedient slave.	Red Box Expansion; Second Expansion
Whipping it out.	Main Deck
Whipping lower-class white men into a xenophobic frenzy.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Whiskas® Catmilk.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Whispering all sexy.	Blue Box Expansion; Fourth Expansion
Whispering secrets to my best friend, Turkey,	Family Edition
White culture.	Blue Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
White guys with dreadlocks.	Out of Line
White people becoming a minority.	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
White people food.	Clam Pack
White people getting offended on behalf of people who aren't offended.	More Cards Against Humanity
White people nervously engaging in a conversation about slavery.	Card Lab
White people.	Main Deck
White power.	Main Deck; More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
White privilege.	Main Deck
White rappers.	Hot Box
White trash in a kiddie pool.	Everything Box Expansion
White women with whisper voices and so many bones.	Card Lab
white word on pink background with white curlique designs behind it.	Design Pack
white word on yellow backdrop with white droplet outline around it.	Design Pack
White-man scalps.	Main Deck
Who really did 9/11.	Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Whoever the Prime Minister is these days.	Main Deck
Whole Pringles can in butt.	Out of Line
Whomsoever let the dogs out.	Green Box Expansion
Whoopi Goldberg.	CAH - Holiday Pack (2012); Jew Pack
Whooping your ass at Mario Kart.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Why, a hot air balloon of course!	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
Wife-swapping.	Everything Box Expansion
Wifely duties.	Main Deck
Wigglin' around.	Out of Line
Wikipedia's list of famous dogs.	Card Lab
Wil Wheaton crashing an actual spaceship.	PAX East 2013 Promo Pack C
Will Smith.	Main Deck; Pop Culture Bundle - A Few Extra Cards About Pop Culture
William Shatner watching you.	Desert Bus For Hope Pack
William Shatner.	Main Deck
Winking at old people.	Main Deck
Winkles and shrimps.	Theatre Pack - CATS Musical Pack
Winning first place at the Tallahassee Pig Fucking Tournament.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Winning the approval of Cooking Mama that you never got from actual mama.	PAX Prime 2013
Wiping her bum.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Wiping her butt.	Main Deck
Wiping my butt.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Witchcraft.	Family Edition
Witnessing the decline of the rollerblade industry.	PAX Prime 2014 Custom Printed Cards
Wizard music.	Main Deck
Women in positions of power.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Women in yoghurt adverts.	Cards Against Humanity UK Version; Main Deck
Women in yoghurt commercials.	Main Deck
Women in yogurt commercials.	Main Deck
Women of color.	Main Deck
Women of colour.	Main Deck
Women voting.	Main Deck
Women's rice.	Card Lab
Women's suffrage.	Main Deck
Women's undies.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Wondering if it's possible to get some of that salsa to go.	Main Deck
Woodrow Wilson's red-hot pecker!	Cards of Humor and Whimsy: Original 1923 Edition
word above typed printed out of: (@) (@)	Design Pack
word handwritten in cursive underneath picture of q-tip covered in red substance.	Design Pack
word labeled on what looks like a middle eastern candy label design, featuring a chicken enjoying a lollipop.	Design Pack
Word printed above very old picture of nude woman covering herself.	Design Pack
words around black and white bearded man drawing.	Design Pack
Words, words, words.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Words.	Main Deck
Work.	More Cards Against Humanity
Working in an Amazon warehouse.	Main Deck
Working so hard to have muscles and then having them.	Green Box Expansion; Main Deck
Working so hard to tame Kanye West.	Bōks
World peace.	Main Deck
World Wars 3 through 5.	Donald Trump Bug-out Bag; Trump Bug Out Bag
Worshipping that pussy.	Main Deck
Worthless flesh-puppet Jimmy Fallon.	Card Lab
Writing a nice thank-you note for the oral sex.	Hot Box
Xena, Warrior Princess.	PAX East 2014
Xenophobia.	Cards Against Humanity AU Version; Main Deck
Yams.	Card Lab
Yeast.	Main Deck
Yelling "Church! Church! Church!" on the way to church.	Hot Box
Yelling "girl power!" and doing a high kick.	90s Expansion Pack; 90s Nostalgia Pack
Yelling "I got it, I got it!"	Cards Against Humanity Saves America
Yelling at my unborn son through my wife's vagina.	Card Lab
Yet another astronaut with a creamy twat.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another Batman with an epic pecker.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another grandfather with an inspiring dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another guy with an impressive dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another nerd with a smooth ballsack.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another President with a wonderful dick.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another superhero with a smooth dong.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yet another surgeon with a creamy pecker.	Procedurally-Generated Cards
Yo stanky ass.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Yo' legs.	Hot Box
Yodeling into a pregnant woman's vagina.	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Yoga.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Yogurt that moans in pleasure as you eat it.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Yoko Ono.	Card Lab
Yoshi's huge egg-laying cloaca.	Geek Pack; PAX Prime 2013
YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL PYLONS.	Main Deck
You there! French boy!	Card Lab; Reject Pack 3
You.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Green Box Expansion; More Cards Against Humanity
Young Republicans.	College Pack
Your ass cheeks on my face cheeks.	Ass Pack
Your dad, who says "hi."	More Cards Against Humanity; Red Box Expansion
Your dick in them pants.	Blue Box Expansion; Main Deck
YOUR DOOOOOOM.	Picture Card Pack 1
Your face.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta)
Your father's throbbin' rockin' penis.	Everything Box Expansion
Your little booty in them underpants.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Your mom.	Family Edition; Family Edition (Free Print & Play Public Beta); Main Deck
Your mouth.	Absurd Box Expansion
Your mum.	Main Deck
Your outdated gender norms.	Card Lab
Your red-hot pecker.	Picture Card Pack 2
Your weird brother.	Main Deck
Youtube comments.	World Wide Web Pack
Yummy yummy yummy yummy rat pussy.	Absurd Box Expansion; Card Lab
Zeus the god of rape.	Card Lab
Zeus's sexual appetites.	First Expansion; Red Box Expansion
Zipping my little brother into a suitcase.	Glow in the Dark Box - Family Edition
Zoo animals.	Card Lab
