A bad guy with two swords just going nuts on everyone.
A basketball that screams every time it gets bounced.
A bear.
A beautiful androgynous human.
A big drug deal where I deal all the drugs in the deal.
A big hole.
A big hot fire that’s burning everybody.
A big problem.
A big, sloppy blowjob from a mean, tired honky.
A bird that dies.
A bold red lip.
A bomb!
A bowl of scabs in barbecue sauce.
A boy so big he is a man.
A bunch of guys eating another guy.
A button that when you press it, there’s jazz.
A cat with... hands.
A Christmas feast of goose and jellies.
A coked-up centaur.
A concerning amount of white people.
A couple of cold ones.
A crab rangoon.
A creature who is just sideways Oprah Winfrey.
A donkey shitting on its own face.
A family of raccoons.
A fantastic guy with a wonderful gun.
A fool.
A four-hour depression nap.
A garbage clown who makes no one laugh and should die.
A gerbil named ‘Gerbil’
A gondola that will explode if it goes less than 5 miles per hour.
▶ A good guy with a gun.
A government for the people, by the people, but of lizards.
A great actor, like Bob De Niro.
A great idea for an app.
A hamburger on a string that keeps getting pulled away.
A hateful thirty-year marriage.
A horseless head man.
A hot woman who is online and wants to have sex with you for some reason.
A legal grey-area.
A lettuce sandwich topped with ketchup, cheese, and a beef patty.
A little boy with big dreams and potatoes for hands.
A little girl with a knife.
A little sewer girl strangling a pigeon.
A little taste of penis.
A loser slut!
A magic cow that produces clam chowder.
A magician fucking up over and over again.
A magnificent Policeman shouting Laws across the wicked land.
A man two sizes of a man half his size.
A man who is half potato, half potato.
A man who loves me for me, and not for my insanely awesome tits.
A man with two arms.
A meadow lark alighting in my hand.
A milkman who is half milk, half man.
A nine-foot tall spider who is the best basketball player in the world.
A nurse but he’s a man.
A penis that gets too hard and explodes blood.
A person who runs marathons.
A piping hot casserole filled with beans and hair.
A poop emergency.
A powerful CEO who wears three suits at once.
A powerful philosopher named Brainhead.
A powerful release of vaginal air.
A Puerto Rican minotaur from the Bronx. A purse that costs $5000
A pussy that is Sylvester Stallone’s mouth.
A racist boomerang that only comes back if you’re white.
A racist cloud that only rains on black people.
A rainbow-colored man who speaks in poetry.
A real Auschwitz of an Uber ride.
A real cum-dumpster of a saxophonist.
A real job with insurance and your taxes taken out and everything.
A refrigerator filled with delicious food.
A self-driving car that can take you to the grocery store but has a 30% chance of driving off a bridge due to the hopelessness and futility of conscious experience.
A seven hour bath.
A sexy egg-shaped body.
A sloth crawling away from really slow lava.
A snow globe filled with water and hair.
A statue of Robert E. Lee.
A sticky tree hole filled with nectar.
A stinky hoo-ha.
A syringe full of prized hog semen.
A techno murder truck that drives around vaporizing political dissidents.
A thousand lifetimes.
A thousand sweet kisses.
A toothless woman gumming on a peach.
A trash can full of dead pelicans.
A turtle in a Mitch McConnell costume.
A urinary tract infection.
A vagina that beatboxes when it’s horny.
A very sharp knife that kills bodies.
A werewolf who instead of turning into a wolf just fucks boys.
A whole different way of talking called Spanish.
A world without men.
A worm that ate my penis and is now my penis.
A 12-foot scepter of bone.
A 12-pound burrito
Abandoning all concepts and categories and seeing the world as what it truly is.
Abort-tron the abortion robot.
Accusing a powerful man of sexual assault.
Achieving the rank of blue belt in the Korean martial art of Tae Kwon Do.
Achieving total fitness and turning into a metal cube.
Acquiring a gun very easily.
Acting white.
Adaptive Cruise Control.
All manner of horrors.
All my dead sisters.
All the corn that has ever existed and will ever exist.
All those things that aren’t sex.
All types of girls, even ugly ones.
America’s top gun-shooters and river slitherers, the Navy Seals.
An aborted fetus singing happy birthday to itself.
An ambitious woman who wears pants.
An ancient bear that eats souls.
An ass that looks like two shivering beavers.
An asshole that’s had a lot of dicks in it.
An egg white frittata.
An elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit.
An enchanted sword that glows when Mexicans are near it.
An entirely new color called Blorange.
An inability to pick up on social cues.
An infinite line of perfect cubes.
Answering me these questions three.
Anthony Hopkins doing a monologue.
Any information you may have about my missing daughter.
Anything Asian.
Asia.
Ass lemons.
Assembling IKEA furniture.
Assorted pickles.
Barbeque World.
Barely concealed hostility.
Beans from home.
Becoming the Dread Empress of the Nine Planes.
Beef.
Being a slave to the capitalist system.
Being a total Miranda.
Being a world champion masturbator.
Being blind but having super strength but having Alzheimer’s disease but being invisible.
Being hunted by giant eagles.
Being inside me.
Being on top of a waterbed.
Being seen reading Infinite Jest.
Being shitty to everyone and being late for everything.
Being too old for this shit.
Being trapped in a world where everyone’s voice is Axl Rose in Paradise City.
Being turned into a candlestick by an old crone.
Being white and proud.
Believing women.
Benicio Del Toro.
Benzos.
Betty White’s roast beef danglers.
Big Beefy baseball boys.
Big Italian women making the spicy sauce.
Bimpy, the small styrofoam cup we all jack off into.
Biting through the milk carton into the delicious, milky center.
Black beans or pinto beans.
Bladley Cooper.
Blaming the victim.
Blowing into the penis so the balls inflate.
Blowing thousands of dollars on face cream.
Blowing up a hospital.
Blowing up the Moon.
Blue smoke from my anus.
Bold, disruptive ideas.
Buca di Butthole.
Canada’s worst mangos.
Canadian ninjas.
Cancer of the pooper.
Carbs.
Cardi B.
Carlos Santana’s horrible wailing guitar.
Carrying a handgun.
Cedric the Entertainer.
Celebrities killing themselves.
Certain things, but not others.
Cheating on my main bitch with my ancillary bitch.
Cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory.
Chicken peppers with powder.
Chinese people.
Chowder.
Christian tacos.
Chugging bleach.
Clearly asking for no cucumbers in my salad, and yet here we are.
Climbing into a cow’s rectum.
Clippy from Microsoft Office.
Collapsing into a singularity.
Colluding with Russia.
Coming out as a member of the 1976 LA Lakers.
Complaining.
Computers.
Controlling the birds.
Cool street magic.
Country music legend, Toby Keith.
Crab walking from the toilet to get more toilet paper.
Crashing into Dave Matthews.
Crawdaddies.
Cultural appropriation.
Curly fries so good you quit ISIS.
Cutting off my nose with scissors.
Damp, useless paper.
Dating a Republican.
Death.
Deb.
December 7, 1941, a day that will live in infamy.
Deja vu.
Denying climate change.
Dippin’ that dangler into a meat wallet.
Discrimination against men.
DJ Jazzy Jeff.
Doing ho shit.
Doing murders in the basement.
Doing stuff bad.
Double meat.
Dousing a songbird in olive oil and swallowing it.
Drake.
Drinking away my dead son’s college fund.
Driving to a Walmart parking lot and staring into the distance for eight hours.
Drooling and mumbling into a pussy.
Drowning in a sea of water.
▶ Dryness.
Dual-wielding forks so I can eat spaghetti twice as fast.
Dumping his ass.
Eating chips and salsa for five hours.
Eating out of a feed bucket.
Eating pussy bad.
Egg-laying animals, such as the Australian brushturkey.
Ejaculating a quart of hollandaise sauce.
Electing a potato.
Elon Musk.
Emerging naked from the sea.
Emptying a dump truck of feral cats on the mayor.
Engaging in mortal combat.
Enticing a hummingbird to drink nectar out of my urethra.
Euro-dick.
Everyone else.
Falling into a bottomless void.
Fascism.
Fat.
Fatherland, the Nazi theme park for dads.
Feeling the future is hopeless and there will be no world for our children.
Feeling unsafe.
Females.
Filling my lover’s bed with cranberries.
Filling the superintendent’s refrigerator with ground pork.
Finding a human toe in my Johnny Rockets hickory burger.
Fingering each other’s buttholes.
Flesh-eating bacteria.
Flying my airplane straight into the World Trade Center.
Forgetting everything you know about household cleaning products.
Foul vegan shits.
Free 2-day shipping with Amazon Prime.
▶ Freedom.
French fries that remind of my dead father, who loved french fries.
Fresh Air with Terry Gross.
Fucking my seventh grade teacher.
Funneling the money through a series of shell companies.
Gang violence.
Getting #metoo’d.
Getting a PhD in smoking weed at Bong State University.
Getting catfished.
Getting depressed and super fat.
Getting fisted by a man with no fingers.
Getting half hard and trying to smoosh it in.
Getting herpes from Val Kilmer.
Getting high for the first time.
Getting into a car, driving to the movie theater, and seeing The Emoji Movie.
Getting mommy another beer.
Getting shit on by a condor.
Getting stabbed by a chimpanzee that escaped from the zoo.
Getting tanned, jacked, and juicy.
Getting the hell out of Honduras.
Getting trapped in a time loop.
Giving fidget spinners to homeless people.
Gluing dried macaroni to paper and mourning the loss of my son.
Gluten.
Going back in time to stop myself from going back in time to stop myself from seeing The Hobbit.
Going cuckoo and drowning your kids in the bathtub.
Going to town on those bongos!
Going viral.
Going ‘oink oink’ like a nasty little pig boy.
Good, clean, Christian comedy.
Grendel, the Beast of Rothgahr.
Guesting Cardi B’s new album.
Hair.
Hallucinating an entire season of Game of Thrones.
Hard-hitting investigative journalism
Harmful UV rays.
Hate-fucking Mitch McConnell.
Having a huge dick for a neck.
Having a wonderful time at the zoo.
Having fingers for teeth.
Having fucked more than zero but less than two boys.
Having no legs, just toes.
Having pizza time with my turtle brothers and rat dad.
Having thirty sons named Chad.
Having tuna sandwiches with my favorite honkys.
Healthcare.gov.
Helpful applications for my telephone.
Hiding from border patrol.
Hiking up a hillside covered in bear semen yelling ‘I’m the queen of the forest!’
Hitting the dance floor so hard it wins full custody of the kids.
Holding Kyle’s hand, just for a second.
Holding a banana and pretending it’s a phone.
▶ Holes.
Hom Tanks.
Hoopnugget, the game where you throw a nugget into a hoop.
Horse-based humor.
Hot Bucket, the show where celebrities sit on a hot bucket.
Hot Latina MILFs.
Hot milk with ice cubes. Hot Orange juice and wet pizza.
How awesome it would be if my sister was a pornstar.
How many bagels I can fit on my penis.
How quiet the forest is.
Huffing and puffing and blowing my stepdad.
Human extinction.
▶ Humans.
Hundreds of nipples.
Hunks and babes as far as the eye can see.
Hunting white men for sport.
▶ Hush money.
Hydraulic legs.
Incels.
Interrupting women.
Jamba Juice
Jörmungandr, the world serpent.
Jennifer Love Hewitt’s evil twin, Jennifer Hatred Hewitt.
Jeremy and his stupid, annoying, dumb, hard, beautiful body.
Jethro Tull.
Jobert Rowning Dunior.
Joining a cult.
Jommy Tee Lones.
Joyless, wooden Soviet toys.
Judith, my terrible maid.
Jumping in front of a train.
Jumping into a green pipe and plunging into a world of coins.
Jumping off the roof with an umbrella and hoping for the best.
Just a Luna bar for lunch.
Justice for Palestine.
Kanye West but if he were an old Japanese farmer.
Ken Burns’ definitive 10-documentary on Vietnam.
Keyless Entry and Bluetooth connectivity.
Killary.
Killing all the white people.
Killing Selma Hayek and taking her place. Killing the monkeys before they become too intelligent.
Knowing a thing or two about sex with donkeys
Korean BBQ.
La biblioteca.
Larry the Forest Fire.
Laying my penis reassuringly upon your shoulder.
Leading around children with a magical flute.
Leading a country to war on false pretenses.
Learning ju jitsu from YouTube.
Letting a cutie spit in my mouth.
Letting a man do the talking.
Letting everyone out of jail.
Letting Jeremy touch my boob. Letting that pussy breathe.
Letting these hoes know.
Letting this loser eat me out.
Licking feet.
Licking the toilet, as mistress commands.
◀ Lin Manuel Miranda.
Live babies.
Living a thousand lives, each more terrible than the last.
Living by the sword and dying by congestive heart failure.
Loading my butt musket and firing pellets at the Redcoats.
◀ Locusts.
Losers.
Losing ten pounds.
Lotion.
Loving America.
Luring my husband to the bedroom with a trail of ferret teeth and appearing on the bed in a ferret costume.
Magic: The Gathering.
Making direct eye contact with a horse’s asshole.
Making love to a couch.
Male sexuality.
Man-hating jungle bitches.
Mark Zuckerberg.
Mashing a banana into your bellybutton.
Massaging the breasts like so.
Maybe kind of getting involved in selling heroin sometimes.
Me, an Asian man.
Me, your dad.
Measuring Fruit by the imperial foot.
Melania Trump.
Microdosing LSD.
Mid-range jump shots.
Migos.
Miming a blowjob.
Mind-blowing monkey sex.
Molecules.
▶ Money.
More.
Mother’s legs.
Murdering our parents.
Music that includes a trumpet.
My Korean fart mistress.
My buddy Jeff.
My daughter fucking my boyfriend
My husband, Idris Elba.
My loud opinions.
My math teacher’s bulge.
My real dad.
My red hot pecker.
My secret butt.
My son’s dipshit friends.
My son’s husband’s huge cock.
My stalker.
My wife (Borat voice).
Naked Dad.
Necrosis of the jaw.
Netflix.
Never having seen Breaking Bad.
New DNA evidence exonerating OJ Simpson.
Nipples the size of CDs.
No longer being alive.
None of your damn business.
Not being a part of my son’s life.
Not inviting a homeless man into your house but he turns out to be a wizard.
Open sores.
▶ Opinions.
Oral.
Our adorable rescue dog who vomits everywhere and bites our friends.
Overcoming poverty in inner-city Chicago.
Owing a lot of money to some very bad people.
Packing my child’s mouth with five dollar bills.
Panda Express.
Panic and confusion.
Peeling the penis apart like a string cheese.
Penis for breakfast.
People talking about Westworld when I haven’t seen Westworld.
Perching on a skyscraper, waiting for crimes.
Pig-lipped fascist fucks.
Pissin’ me pants.
Playing chess with death.
Plugging a toaster into a mule’s vagina and then beating her because it doesn’t work.
Pointing out the logical fallacies in your argument.
▶ Politics.
Polyamory.
Poopy diapers.
Popping a penis pimple.
Poppin’ that pussy.
Portland.
Powders and creams.
Powerful suction.
Preparing my asshole for sex.
Pretending golf is fun.
Pretending to read while I secretly enjoy the sounds of my son tinkling in the bathroom toilet.
‘Principles of Corporate Finance’ by Richard Brealey.
Prison.
Pulling a sick, shit-covered raccoon out of the toilet and nursing it back to health.
Pulling that bitch’s hair out.
Pulling the cheeks apart so the fart comes out quieter.
Pure energy.
Pushing my boob up to lick the nipple.
Putting an apple in a little boy’s mouth and roasting him for dinner.
Putting dirty dishes in the sink and hoping someone else deals with them.
Putting food on the table and also under the table for my floor family.
Quality, affordable menswear.
Racist squirrels.
Rah, rah, ah, ah, ah, ro-ma, ro-ma ma. Gaga, oh-la-la.
Reconstituted chicken paste.
Rehabilitating an owl.
Removing my penis and replacing it with an academy award.
Reparations for slavery.
Replacing a man’s stapler with an exact replica of that stapler.
Representing the entire black community.
Respecting women.
Riding a pegasus into the World Trade Center.
Ritualistic goat slaughter.
Rubbing my clit with a handgun.
Running afoul of the sultan’s Janissaries.
Sand everywhere.
Saying the n-word.
Schindler’s List.
Setting boundaries with co-workers.
Severe brain damage.
Sewing two hamsters together to make a Double Hamster Supreme.
Sex tourism.
Sexy.
Sexy boy.
Sharing a bed with brother.
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Shitting perfectly into a hot dog bun.
▶ Shooting a shark with a handgun.
Shooting nonviolent protestors.
Shooting semen out of my penis.
Sitting in a hole.
Sitting in a tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G.
Sitting in the same chair for 35 years.
Slaughtering a peaceful race of aliens.
Slaves.
Slowly being poisoned.
Slowly releasing a huge fart over the course of two minutes.
Sluts, whores and bitches.
Small plates, or tapas if you will.
Smashing my doodies through a cheese grater.
Smashmeat.
◀ Sobbing uncontrollably.
Some cracker ass motherfucker.
Some kind of phenomenon.
Some light choking.
Something called ‘sexual misconduct.’
Something really funny but I can’t remember.
Songs about getting ready to have sex.
Sour cream and onions.
Spaghetti night at Dad’s place.
Spider-Man laying thousands of eggs inside Kirsten Dunst.
Spinning your dick around like a helicopter.
Sprinting alongside a moving train to confess undying devotion to Sylvia, a German woman who was only here for the summer.
Square dancing with other racists.
Squeezing the contents of a burrito into my butthole.
Stapling a butterfly to a cow.
Staring into each other’s eyes and cumming at the same time.
Starting a multi-billion dollar company called Facebook.
Stealing the Declaration of Independence.
Steamy gay sex with a garbage man.
Sticking my hard rat dick in my girlfriend’s wet rat pussy.
Stoking ethnic tensions.
Struggling to swallow a live bat.
Substituting sweet potato fries for $2
Sucking the caviar straight out of a fish’s pussy
Suddenly falling asleep.
Suddenly feeling really sad for 40 years.
Sweet Baby Ray’s.
Sweet plump yellow melons
Swordplay.
Taking a break from social media for a while.
Taking off my glasses and becoming beautiful.
Tar.
Teaching a chicken to kill.
Technology brothers.
Telling your father I want a divorce.
Texting while driving.
That Anne Hathaway, so talented.
That flower that turns you into the Black Panther.
That horrible day in April when it rains severed fingers.
The Asshole Destroyer 3000.
The Audi Sign-And-Drive Sales Event.
The awesome power of the Lord.
The beautiful backpacks of Jansport.
The boy who sucks the farts out of my sweatpants.
The burly Croatian woman waxing my pubes.
The carried interest loophole.
The Christ child. The cleaning lady.
The Clintons.
The coming race war.
The complete filmography of Sandra Bullock.
The cool, smoking guys.
The creamiest legs in town.
The criminal justice system.
The current political climate.
The cutest fucking shoes I’ve ever seen.
The day the garbage men attacked.
The Deep State. The end of all life on Earth.
The ever-present fear of death.
The express written consent of the National Basketball Association.
The fact that there’s a bread company called Bimbo.
The fact that time is moving backwards right now and nobody’s noticing.
The future of all nipples.
The Gambino crime family.
The harsh reality that all horses are people in horse costumes.
The hilarious forgetting disease known as Alzheimer’s.
The Horadric Cube. The incredible Gary, he’ll suck your nipples.
The Internment of Japanese Americans.
The kind of porn with poop.
The King of the Jews.
The little known fact that Polish people don’t dream.
The man in the basement.
The man who fuck me and my wife.
The Matrix.
The meats.
The meteor that will one day kill Oprah.
The moon landing which DID NOT HAPPEN.
The most eligible bachelor in Devonshire.
The mouth area.
The National Rifle Association.
The new Netflix documentary that you haaaaaave to see.
The new iPhone.
The not-so-amazing spiderman who touches boys.
The NRA.
The number one killer of women over fifty.
◀ The Ocarina of Time.
The Original Kings of Comedy.
The pelican that will one day eat Jennifer Lawrence’s baby.
The persecution of Buddhists by American-backed government of Vietnam.
The pleasure of watching my boys wolf down my casserole and scamper into the woods.
The power of barbecue.
The reassuring sound of my husband masturbating in the other room.
The rock after which Dwayne Johnson was named.
The San Francisco lifestyle.
The smell.
The South rising again.
The terrible wrath of Poseidon.
The tiny man who only eats coffee beans and diarrheas into my thermos every morning.
The toilet.
The ugliest boy in town.
The white working class.
The wonderful giant spoon known as a ‘ladle’.
The world’s largest baby, weighing over 700 lbs.
The yak god who comes to Earth to fuck our daughters.
These breasts of mine.
This boring ass white bitch from work.
This kid I found.
Thoughts and prayers.
Thousands of lasagna.
Thousands of potatoes just for me.
Three men and three hot dogs.
Throwing a man by his big penis.
Throwing myself upon my husband’s funeral pyre.
Thrusting and grunting.
Thumb, the King of Fingers.
Tiny sour kisses from a lemon dwarf.
Toilet sluts.
Too many teeth in that mouth.
Too much Star Wars movie.
Trafficked humans.
Traveling to the Sun to harvest its creams.
Travolta.
Treating people as objects for self-gratification.
Trees with human skin.
Tupac.
Turning poor people against each other so they don’t pay attention to economic inequality.
Twirling a cane, popping it into my anus, and giving a tip of the top hat.
Two hours on PornHub.
Two Ruben Studdards emerging from the water and kissing.
Uncles.
Uncut Daddy Dick.
Unraveling a vast, Jewish conspiracy.
Using electric eels to solve the world’s energy crisis.
Using the miracle of language to inform a 7-Eleven clerk that the cheese dispenser is empty.
Vaguely Asian noodles.
Violating the Geneva convention.
Visigoths.
Voldemort.
Vomiting Scrabble tiles that spell out ‘Wassup?’
Voter suppression.
VR porn.
Walking.
Walls.
Wandering into a Sumerian sex temple and being plunged into a world of erotic mystery.
▶ Wearing a backwards baseball cap.
What looked like a chemical weapons facility but turned out to be a children’s hospital.
What Macaulay Culkin looks like now.
Whatever ants are up to in those hills.
White people nervously engaging in a conversation about slavery.
White women with whisper voices and so many bones.
Why, a hot air balloon of course!
Wikipedia’s list of famous dogs.
Women in positions of power.
Women’s rice.
Worthless flesh-puppet Jimmy Fallon.
Yams.
Yelling at my unborn son through my wife’s vagina.
Yo stanky ass.
Yogurt that moans in pleasure as you eat it.
You there! French boy!
Your little booty in them underpants.
▶ Your mouth.
Your outdated gender norms
Yummy yummy yummy yummy rat pussy.
Zeus, the god of rape.
Zoo animals.
8 simple rules for dating my teenage daughter.
20 minutes of foreplay, 3 minutes of coitus, 5 minutes of rest, back to the yards for some croquet.
90 minutes of a Val Kilmer fucking a sex doll.
